

 CROSS-REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONS This application claims the benefit of priority of U.S. Provisional Patent Application No. 63/157,592, filed Mar. 5, 2021, and U.S. Provisional Patent Application No. 63/173,193, filed Apr. 9, 2021, each of which is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety for all purposes. BACKGROUND Molecular response is a calculation of the change in circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) levels observed in samples collected from subjects at different time points. In certain cases, the calculation is based on the fraction of somatic variants in the total cell-free DNA (cfDNA) in samples. In other cases, the calculation is based on the concentration of ctDNA in the samples (i.e., normalized per the cfDNA concentration in the samples). A common problem associated with these approaches is that these relatively simple calculations of molecular response frequently yield inaccurate or imprecise molecular response scores. Thus, there remains a need for methods for accurately determining molecular response scores for subjects having cancer. BRIEF SUMMARY In an aspect, this disclosure provides a method of determining a molecular response score at least partially using a computer. The method includes determining a first plurality of sequence reads and a second plurality of sequence reads associated with a subject, wherein the first plurality of sequence reads are determined before administering a therapy and the second plurality of sequence reads are determined after administering the therapy, classifying a plurality of variants in the first plurality of sequence reads and the second plurality of sequence reads as somatic or germline, determining, for at least one variant of the plurality of variants classified as somatic, based on a first mutant allele fraction (MAF) and a second MAF, a weighted mean of the first MAFs and a weighted mean of the second MAFs, determining, for the subject, a ratio of the weighted mean of the first MAFs and the weighted mean of the second MAFs, determining, based on the ratio of the weighted mean of the first MAFs and the weighted mean of the second MAFs, a confidence interval, and outputting, as a molecular response score, the ratio of the weighted mean of the first MAFs and the weighted mean of the second MAFs and the confidence interval. In an aspect, this disclosure provides a method of determining a molecular response score at least partially using a computer. The method includes determining a first plurality of sequence reads and a second plurality of sequence reads associated with a subject, wherein the first plurality of sequence reads are determined before administering a therapy and the second plurality of sequence reads are determined after administering the therapy, classifying a plurality of variants in the first plurality of sequence reads and the second plurality of sequence reads as somatic or germline, determining, for at least one variant of the plurality of variants classified as somatic, based on a first mutant allele fraction (MAF) and a second MAF, an MAF ratio, determining, for the subject, a weighted mean of the MAF ratios, determining, based on the weighted mean of the MAF ratios, a confidence interval associated with the weighted mean of the MAF ratios, and outputting, as a molecular response score, the weighted mean of the MAF ratios and the confidence interval. In an aspect, this disclosure provides a method of determining a molecular response score at least partially using a computer. The method includes determining a first plurality of sequence reads and a second plurality of sequence reads associated with a subject, wherein the first plurality of sequence reads are determined before administering a therapy and the second plurality of sequence reads are determined after administering the therapy, classifying a plurality of variants in the first plurality of sequence reads as somatic or germline, classifying the plurality of variants in the second plurality of sequence reads as somatic or germline, reclassifying at least one variant of the plurality of variants to resolve a classification discrepancy between the first plurality of sequence reads and the second plurality of sequence reads, determining, for at least one variant of the plurality of variants classified or reclassified as somatic, based on at least a portion of the first plurality of sequence reads, a first mutant allele fraction, determining, for at least one variant of the plurality of variants classified or reclassified as somatic, based on at least a portion of the second plurality of sequence reads, a second mutant allele fraction, and determining, based on the first mutant allele fraction and the second mutant allele fraction, a molecular response score. In an aspect, this disclosure provides a method of determining a molecular response score at least partially using a computer. The method includes determining a first plurality of sequence reads and a second plurality of sequence reads associated with a subject, wherein the first plurality of sequence reads are determined before administering a therapy and the second plurality of sequence reads are determined after administering the therapy, classifying a plurality of variants in the first plurality of sequence reads and the second plurality of sequence reads as somatic or germline, determining at least one variant of the plurality of variants as a Clonal Hematopoiesis of Indeterminate Potential (CHIP) variant, removing, from the plurality of variants, the at least one CHIP variant, determining, for at least one variant of the plurality of variants classified as somatic, based on at least a portion of the first plurality of sequence reads, a first mutant allele fraction, determining, for at least one variant of the plurality of variants classified as somatic, based on at least a portion of the second plurality of sequence reads, a second mutant allele fraction, and determining, based on the first mutant allele fraction and the second mutant allele fraction, a molecular response score. In an aspect, this disclosure provides a method of determining a molecular response score at least partially using a computer. The method includes determining a first plurality of sequence reads and a second plurality of sequence reads associated with a subject, wherein the first plurality of sequence reads are determined before administering a therapy and the second plurality of sequence reads are determined after administering the therapy, classifying a plurality of variants in the first plurality of sequence reads as somatic or germline, classifying the plurality of variants in the second plurality of sequence reads as somatic or germline, reclassifying at least one variant of the plurality of variants to resolve a classification discrepancy between the first plurality of sequence reads and the second plurality of sequence reads, determining at least one variant of the plurality of variants as a Clonal Hematopoiesis of Indeterminate Potential (CHIP) variant, removing, from the plurality of variants, the at least one CHIP variant, determining, for at least one variant of the plurality of variants classified or reclassified as somatic, based on at least a portion of the first plurality of sequence reads, a first mutant allele fraction, determining, for at least one variant of the plurality of variants classified or reclassified as somatic, based on at least a portion of the second plurality of sequence reads, a second mutant allele fraction, determining, for at least one variant of the plurality of variants classified or reclassified as somatic, based on the first mutant allele fraction and the second mutant allele fraction, an MAF ratio, determining, for the subject, a weighted mean of the MAF ratios, determining, based on the weighted mean of the MAF ratios, a confidence interval associated with the weighted mean of the MAF ratios, and outputting, as a molecular response score, the weighted mean of the MAF ratios and the confidence interval. In an aspect, this disclosure provides a method of determining a molecular response score at least partially using a computer. The method includes determining a first plurality of sequence reads and a second plurality of sequence reads associated with a subject, wherein the first plurality of sequence reads are determined before administering a therapy and the second plurality of sequence reads are determined after administering the therapy, classifying a plurality of variants in the first plurality of sequence reads as somatic or germline, classifying the plurality of variants in the second plurality of sequence reads as somatic or germline, reclassifying at least one variant of the plurality of variants to resolve a classification discrepancy between the first plurality of sequence reads and the second plurality of sequence reads, determining at least one variant of the plurality of variants as a Clonal Hematopoiesis of Indeterminate Potential (CHIP) variant, removing, from the plurality of variants, the at least one CHIP variant, determining, for at least one variant of the plurality of variants classified as somatic, based on at least a portion of the first plurality of sequence reads, a first mutant allele fraction (MAF), determining, for at least one variant of the plurality of variants classified as somatic, based on at least a portion of the second plurality of sequence reads, a second MAF, determining, for the at least one variant of the plurality of variants classified as somatic, based on the first MAF and the second MAF, a weighted mean of the first MAFs and a weighted mean of the second MAFs, determining, for the subject, a ratio of the weighted mean of the first MAFs and the weighted mean of the second MAFs, determining, based on the ratio of the weighted mean of the first MAFs and the weighted mean of the second MAFs, a confidence interval, and outputting, as a molecular response score, the ratio of the weighted mean of the first MAFs and the weighted mean of the second MAFs and the confidence interval. In an aspect, this disclosure provides a method of determining a molecular response score at least partially using a computer. The method includes determining a first plurality of sequence reads and a second plurality of sequence reads associated with a subject, wherein the first plurality of sequence reads are determined at a first time point before administering a therapy and the second plurality of sequence reads are determined at a second time point after administering the therapy, classifying a plurality of variants in the first plurality of sequence reads and the second plurality of sequence reads as somatic or germline, determining, for at least one variant of the plurality of variants classified as somatic, based on a first mutant allele fraction (MAF) at the first time point and a second MAF at the second time point, a first central tendency measure of the first MAFs and a second central tendency measure of the second MAFs, determining a ratio of the first central tendency measure at the first time point to the second central tendency measure at the second time point, and outputting, as a molecular response score, the ratio of the first central tendency measure at the first time point to the second central tendency measure at the second time point. In one aspect, this disclosure provides a method of determining a molecular response score for a subject having cancer at least partially using a computer. The method includes (a) determining, by the computer, mutant allele frequencies (MAFs) for a plurality of variants from sequence information generated from targeted nucleic acids associated with one or more cancer types in samples obtained from the subject at first and second time points to produce sets of first and second MAFs for each variant in the plurality of variants. The method also includes (b) calculating, by the computer, a ratio of the first and second MAFs for each variant in the plurality of variants to produce a set of MAF ratios and a corresponding standard deviation for each MAF ratio in the set of MAF ratios. In addition, the method also includes (c) calculating, by the computer, a weighted mean of the MAF ratios and a confidence interval, thereby determining the molecular response score for the subject having the cancer. In another aspect, this disclosure provides a method of treating cancer in a subject. The method includes (a) determining mutant allele frequencies (MAFs) for a plurality of variants from sequence information generated from targeted nucleic acids associated with one or more cancer types in samples obtained from the subject at first and second time points to produce sets of first and second MAFs for each variant in the plurality of variants. The method also includes (b) calculating a ratio of the first and second MAFs for each variant in the plurality of variants to produce a set of MAF ratios and a corresponding standard deviation for each MAF ratio in the set of MAF ratios. The method also includes (c) calculating a weighted mean of the MAF ratios and a confidence interval to determine a molecular response score for the subject. In addition, the method also includes (d) administering one or more therapies to the subject based upon at least the molecular response score, thereby treating the cancer in the subject. In another aspect, this disclosure provides a method of treating cancer in a subject. The method includes administering one or more therapies to the subject based upon at least a molecular response score for the subject. The molecular response score is produced by: (a) determining, by a computer, mutant allele frequencies (MAFs) for a plurality of variants from sequence information generated from targeted nucleic acids associated with one or more cancer types in samples obtained from the subject at first and second time points to produce sets of first and second MAFs for each variant in the plurality of variants; (b) calculating, by the computer, a ratio of the first and second MAFs for each variant in the plurality of variants to produce a set of MAF ratios and a corresponding standard deviation for each MAF ratio in the set of MAF ratios; and (c) calculating, by the computer, a weighted mean of the MAF ratios and a confidence interval to determine the molecular response score for the subject. In another aspect, this disclosure provides a method of identifying clonal hematopoietic variants in a subject having cancer at least partially using a computer. The method includes (a) determining, by the computer, a tumor load change (R) for tumor fraction change P(R) for each of a plurality of variants from sequence information generated from targeted nucleic acids associated with one or more cancer types in samples obtained from the subject at first and second time points to produce a set of tumor load changes. The method also includes (b) identifying, by the computer, one or more resistance signatures corresponding to one or more clonal hematopoietic variants from the set of tumor load changes, thereby identifying the identifying the clonal hematopoietic variants in the subject having cancer. In another aspect, this disclosure provides a method of identifying clonal hematopoietic variants in a subject having cancer at least partially using a computer. The method includes (a) calculating, by the computer, a probability density function for tumor fraction change P(R) for each of a plurality of variants from sequence information generated from targeted nucleic acids associated with one or more cancer types in samples obtained from the subject at first and second time points. The method also includes (b) grouping, by the computer, one or more of the variants by P(R) into one or more clones, and (c) generating, by the computer, an updated P(R) for each of the clones. In addition, the method also includes (d) identifying, by the computer, one or more clones having a fractional change between the first and second time points at or above a predetermined threshold value, thereby identifying the identifying the clonal hematopoietic variants in the subject having cancer. In some of these embodiments, the method includes determining a likelihood that a given pair of variants exhibit an identical fractional change, merging most likely pairs of variants into one clone, and updating the P(R) for the one clone. In another aspect, this disclosure provides a method of identifying germline variants in a subject having cancer at least partially using a computer. The method includes (a) determining, by the computer, a mutant allele frequency (MAF) for a given variant from sequence information generated from targeted nucleic acids associated with one or more cancer types in a sample obtained from the subject. The method also includes (b) identifying, by the computer, that the given variant is a germline variant when the MAF of the given variant increases the max MAF of the sample, which sample comprises a max fraction of diploid genes (max frac_diploid) and/or when the MAF of the given variant is at least about two times greater, three times greater, four times greater, five times greater, six times greater, seven times greater, eight times greater, nine times greater, or more than one or more other MAFs determined from the sample obtained from the subject, thereby identifying the germline variants in the subject having cancer. In some embodiments, the methods disclosed herein include comparing the molecular response score for the subject having the cancer to a predetermined cutoff point to identify that the subject is a likely responder to one or more therapies for the cancer when the molecular response score is below the predetermined cutoff point or that the subject is a likely non-responder to the one or more therapies for the cancer when the molecular response score is at or above the predetermined cutoff point. In some embodiments, the one or more therapies comprise one or more immunotherapies. In some embodiments, the methods disclosed herein include administering one or more therapies for the cancer to the subject in view of the molecular response score. In some embodiments, the methods disclosed herein include discontinuing administering one or more therapies for the cancer to the subject in view of the molecular response score. In some embodiments, the methods disclosed herein include recommending one or more therapies. In some embodiments, the methods disclosed herein include recommending discontinuing one or more therapies. In some embodiments, the methods disclosed herein include using the molecular response score as a prognostic biomarker and/or a predictive biomarker for the subject. In some embodiments, the methods disclosed herein include using a molecule count to calculate the standard deviation for each MAF ratio in the set of MAF ratios. In some embodiments, the methods disclosed herein include propagating a variance through each MAF ratio in the set of MAF ratios. In some embodiments, the methods disclosed herein include excluding one or more germline and/or clonal hematopoietic variants when determining the mutant allele frequencies (MAFs) for the plurality of variants. In some embodiments, the plurality of variants comprises somatic nucleic acid variants. In some embodiments, the methods disclosed herein include excluding one or more somatic variants having MAFs that are less than about 0.1%, 0.2%, 0.3%, 0.4%, 0.5%, 0.6%, 0.7%, 0.8%, or 0.9% at both the first and second time points. In some embodiments, the first time point comprises a pre-treatment time point and wherein the second time point comprises an on- or post-treatment time point. In some embodiments, the methods disclosed herein include generating the sequence information from nucleic acid molecules obtained from one or more tissues or cells in the sample. In some embodiments, the methods disclosed herein include generating the sequence information from cell-free nucleic acids (cfNAs) in the samples obtained from the subject. In some embodiments, the cfNAs comprise circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA). In some embodiments, the ratio comprises the second MAF to the first MAF for each variant in the plurality of variants. In some embodiments, the methods disclosed herein include calculating the weighted mean of the MAF ratios using the formula: 
 where weight is 1/range 2  
 where ratio variance is 1/sum[weights]. In some embodiments, the variants comprise one or more single-nucleotide variants (SNV), insertion/deletion mutations (indels), gene amplifications, and/or gene fusions. In some embodiments, the methods disclosed herein include using one or more additional genomic data sources to determine the molecular response score for the subject having the cancer. In some embodiments, the additional genomic data sources comprise one or more of: a coverage, an off-target coverage, an epigenetic signature, and/or a microsatellite instability score. In some embodiments, the epigenetic signature comprises a cfNA fragment length, position, and/or endpoint density distribution. In some embodiments, the epigenetic signature comprises an epigenetic state or status exhibited by one or more epigenetic loci in a given targeted genomic region. In some embodiments, the epigenetic state or status comprises a presence or absence of methylation, hydroxymethylation, acetylation, ubiquitylation, phosphorylation, sumoylation, ribosylation, citrullination, and/or a histone post-translational modification or other histone variation. This application discloses methods, computer readable media, and systems that are useful in determining molecular response scores for subjects having cancer. Related methods of identifying clonal hematopoietic and/or germline variants are also disclosed. Additional advantages of the disclosed method, systems, and/or compositions will be set forth in part in the description which follows, and in part will be understood from the description, or may be learned by practice of the disclosed method and compositions. The advantages of the disclosed method and compositions will be realized and attained by means of the elements and combinations particularly pointed out in the appended claims. It is to be understood that both the foregoing general description and the following detailed description are exemplary and explanatory only and are not restrictive of the invention as claimed. 
 BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS The accompanying drawings, which are incorporated in and constitute a part of this specification, illustrate several embodiments of the disclosed method and compositions and together with the description, serve to explain the principles of the disclosed method and compositions. FIG.  1 FIG.  2 FIG.  3 FIG.  4 FIG.  5 FIG.  6 FIG.  6 FIG.  7 FIG.  8 FIG.  9 FIG.  10 FIG.  11 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  13 FIG.  14 FIG.  15 FIG.  16 FIG.  17 FIG.  18 FIG.  19 FIG.  20 FIG.  21 FIG.  22 FIG.  23 FIGS.  24 24 FIGS.  25 25 FIGS.  26 26 FIGS.  27 27 FIG.  28 DETAILED DESCRIPTION The disclosed method and compositions may be understood more readily by reference to the following detailed description of particular embodiments and the Examples included therein and to the Figures and their previous and following description. It is to be understood that the disclosed method and compositions are not limited to specific synthetic methods, specific analytical techniques, or to particular reagents unless otherwise specified, and, as such, may vary. I. Definitions It is also to be understood that the terminology used herein is for the purpose of describing particular embodiments only, and is not intended to be limiting. Further, unless defined otherwise, all technical and scientific terms used herein have the same meaning as commonly understood by one of ordinary skill in the art to which this disclosure pertains. In describing and claiming the methods, computer readable media, and systems, the following terminology, and grammatical variants thereof, will be used in accordance with the definitions set forth below. As used in this specification and the appended claims, the singular forms “a,” “an,” and “the” include plural references unless the context clearly dictates otherwise. Thus, for example, a reference to “a method” includes one or more methods, and/or steps of the type described herein and/or which will become apparent to those persons of ordinary skill in the art upon reading this disclosure and so forth. It will also be appreciated that there is an implied “about” prior to the temperatures, concentrations, times, number of bases or base pairs, coverage, etc. discussed in the present disclosure, such that slight and insubstantial equivalents are within the scope of the present disclosure. In this application, the use of the singular includes the plural unless specifically stated otherwise. Also, the use of “comprise”, “comprises”, “comprising”, “contain”, “contains”, “containing”, “include”, “includes”, and “including” are not intended to be limiting. About: As used herein, “about” or “approximately” as applied to one or more values or elements of interest, refers to a value or element that is similar to a stated reference value or element. In certain embodiments, the term “about” or “approximately” refers to a range of values or elements that falls within 25%, 20%, 19%, 18%, 17%, 16%, 15%, 14%, 13%, 12%, 11%, 10%, 9%, 8%, 7%, 6%, 5%, 4%, 3%, 2%, 1%, or less in either direction (greater than or less than) of the stated reference value or element unless otherwise stated or otherwise evident from the context (except where such number would exceed 100% of a possible value or element). Adapter: As used herein, “adapter” refers to short nucleic acids (e.g., less than about 500, less than about 100 or less than about 50 nucleotides in length) that are typically at least partially double-stranded and used to link to either or both ends of a given sample nucleic acid molecule. Adapters can include nucleic acid primer binding sites to permit amplification of a nucleic acid molecule flanked by adapters at both ends, and/or a sequencing primer binding site, including primer binding sites for sequencing applications, such as various next generation sequencing (NGS) applications. Adapters can also include binding sites for capture probes, such as an oligonucleotide attached to a flow cell support or the like. Adapters can also include a nucleic acid tag as described herein. Nucleic acid tags are typically positioned relative to amplification primer and sequencing primer binding sites, such that a nucleic acid tag is included in amplicons and sequencing reads of a given nucleic acid molecule. The same or different adapters can be linked to the respective ends of a nucleic acid molecule. In certain embodiments, the same adapter is linked to the respective ends of the nucleic acid molecule except that the nucleic acid tag differs. In some embodiments, the adapter is a Y-shaped adapter in which one end is blunt ended or tailed as described herein, for joining to a nucleic acid molecule, which is also blunt ended or tailed with one or more complementary nucleotides. In still other exemplary embodiments, an adapter is a bell-shaped adapter that includes a blunt or tailed end for joining to a nucleic acid molecule to be analyzed. Other exemplary adapters include T-tailed and C-tailed adapters. Administer: As used herein, “administer” or “administering” a therapeutic agent (e.g., an immunological therapeutic agent) to a subject means to give, apply or bring the composition into contact with the subject. Administration can be accomplished by any of a number of routes, including, for example, topical, oral, subcutaneous, intramuscular, intraperitoneal, intravenous, intrathecal and intradermal. Allele: As used herein, “allele” or “allelic variant” refers to a specific genetic variant at defined genomic location or locus. An allelic variant is usually presented at a frequency of 50% (0.5) or 100%, depending on whether the allele is heterozygous or homozygous. For example, germline variants are inherited and usually have a frequency of 0.5 or 1. Somatic variants; however, are acquired variants and usually have a frequency of <0.5. Major and minor alleles of a genetic locus refer to nucleic acids harboring the locus in which the locus is occupied by a nucleotide of a reference sequence, and a variant nucleotide different than the reference sequence respectively. Measurements at a locus can take the form of allelic fractions (AFs), which measure the frequency with which an allele is observed in a sample. Amplify: As used herein, “amplify” or “amplification” in the context of nucleic acids refers to the production of multiple copies of a polynucleotide, or a portion of the polynucleotide, typically starting from a small amount of the polynucleotide (e.g., a single polynucleotide molecule), where the amplification products or amplicons are generally detectable. Amplification of polynucleotides encompasses a variety of chemical and enzymatic processes. Barcode: As used herein, “barcode” in the context of nucleic acids refers to a nucleic acid molecule comprising a sequence that can serve as a molecular identifier. For example, individual “barcode” sequences are typically added to each DNA fragment during next-generation sequencing (NGS) library preparation so that each read can be identified and sorted before the final data analysis. Cancer Type: As used herein, “cancer,” “cancer type” or “tumor type” refers to a type or subtype of cancer defined, e.g., by histopathology. Cancer type can be defined by any conventional criterion, such as on the basis of occurrence in a given tissue (e.g., blood cancers, central nervous system (CNS), brain cancers, lung cancers (small cell and non-small cell), skin cancers, nose cancers, throat cancers, liver cancers, bone cancers, lymphomas, pancreatic cancers, bowel cancers, rectal cancers, thyroid cancers, bladder cancers, kidney cancers, mouth cancers, stomach cancers, breast cancers, prostate cancers, ovarian cancers, lung cancers, intestinal cancers, soft tissue cancers, neuroendocrine cancers, gastroesophageal cancers, head and neck cancers, gynecological cancers, colorectal cancers, urothelial cancers, solid state cancers, heterogeneous cancers, homogenous cancers), unknown primary origin and the like, and/or of the same cell lineage (e.g., carcinoma, sarcoma, lymphoma, cholangiocarcinoma, leukemia, mesothelioma, melanoma, or glioblastoma) and/or cancers exhibiting cancer markers, such as Her2, CA15-3, CA19-9, CA-125, CEA, AFP, PSA, HCG, hormone receptor and NMP-22. Cancers can also be classified by stage (e.g., stage 1, 2, 3, or 4) and whether of primary or secondary origin. Cell-Free Nucleic Acid: As used herein, “cell-free nucleic acid” refers to nucleic acids not contained within or otherwise bound to a cell or, in some embodiments, nucleic acids remaining in a sample following the removal of intact cells. Cell-free nucleic acids can include, for example, all non-encapsulated nucleic acids sourced from a bodily fluid (e.g., blood, plasma, serum, urine, cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), etc.) from a subject. Cell-free nucleic acids include DNA (cfDNA), RNA (cfRNA), and hybrids thereof, including genomic DNA, mitochondrial DNA, circulating DNA, siRNA, miRNA, circulating RNA (cRNA), tRNA, rRNA, small nucleolar RNA (snoRNA), Piwi-interacting RNA (piRNA), long non-coding RNA (long ncRNA), and/or fragments of any of these. Cell-free nucleic acids can be double-stranded, single-stranded, or a hybrid thereof. A cell-free nucleic acid can be released into bodily fluid through secretion or cell death processes, e.g., cellular necrosis, apoptosis, or the like. Cell-free nucleic acids can be found in an efferosome or an exosome. Some cell-free nucleic acids are released into bodily fluid from cancer cells, e.g., circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA). Others are released from healthy cells. CtDNA can be non-encapsulated tumor-derived fragmented DNA. Another example of cell-free nucleic acids is fetal DNA circulating freely in the maternal blood stream, also called cell-free fetal DNA (cffDNA). A cell-free nucleic acid can have one or more epigenetic modifications, for example, a cell-free nucleic acid can be acetylated, 5-methylated, ubiquitylated, phosphorylated, sumoylated, ribosylated, and/or citrullinated. Classifier: As used herein, “classifier” generally refers to algorithm computer code that receives, as input, test data and produces, as output, a classification of the input data as belonging to one or another class (e.g., tumor DNA or non-tumor DNA). Clonal: As used herein, “clonal” in the context of nucleic acids refers to a population of nucleic acids that comprises nucleotide sequences that are substantially or completely identical to each other at least at a given locus of interest (e.g., a target variant). Clonal Hematopoiesis of Indeterminate Potential: As used herein, “clonal hematopoiesis of indeterminate potential,” “clonal hematopoietic variant,” or “CHIP” refers to hematopoiesis in individuals that involves the expansion of hematopoietic stem cells that comprise one or more somatic mutations (e.g., hematologic cancer-associated mutations and/or non-cancer-associated mutations), but which otherwise lack diagnostic criteria for a hematologic malignancy, such as definitive morphologic evidence of dysplasia. CHIP is a common age-related phenomenon in which hematopoietic stem cells contribute to the formation of a genetically distinct subpopulation of blood cells. Confidence Interval: As used herein, “confidence interval” or “level of confidence” means a range of values so defined that there is a specified probability that the value of a given parameter lies within that range of values. Copy Number Variant: As used herein, “copy number variant,” “CNV,” or “copy number variation” refers to a phenomenon in which sections of the genome are repeated and the number of repeats in the genome varies between individuals in the population under consideration. Coverage: As used herein, “coverage” refers to the number of nucleic acid molecules that represent a particular base position. Deoxyribonucleic Acid or Ribonucleic Acid: As used herein, “deoxyribonucleic acid” or “DNA” refers a natural or modified nucleotide which has a hydrogen group at the 2′-position of the sugar moiety. DNA typically includes a chain of nucleotides comprising four types of nucleotide bases: adenine (A), thymine (T), cytosine (C), and guanine (G). As used herein, “ribonucleic acid” or “RNA” refers to a natural or modified nucleotide which has a hydroxyl group at the 2′-position of the sugar moiety. RNA typically includes a chain of nucleotides comprising four types of nucleotide bases: A, uracil (U), G, and C. As used herein, the term “nucleotide” refers to a natural nucleotide or a modified nucleotide. Certain pairs of nucleotides specifically bind to one another in a complementary fashion (called complementary base pairing). In DNA, adenine (A) pairs with thymine (T) and cytosine (C) pairs with guanine (G). In RNA, adenine (A) pairs with uracil (U) and cytosine (C) pairs with guanine (G). When a first nucleic acid strand binds to a second nucleic acid strand made up of nucleotides that are complementary to those in the first strand, the two strands bind to form a double strand. As used herein, “nucleic acid sequencing data,” “nucleic acid sequencing information,” “sequence information,” “nucleic acid sequence,” “nucleotide sequence”, “genomic sequence,” “genetic sequence,” or “fragment sequence,” or “nucleic acid sequencing read” denotes any information or data that is indicative of the order and identity of the nucleotide bases (e.g., adenine, guanine, cytosine, and thymine or uracil) in a molecule (e.g., a whole genome, whole transcriptome, exome, oligonucleotide, polynucleotide, or fragment) of a nucleic acid such as DNA or RNA. It should be understood that the present teachings contemplate sequence information obtained using all available varieties of techniques, platforms or technologies, including, but not limited to: capillary electrophoresis, microarrays, ligation-based systems, polymerase-based systems, hybridization-based systems, direct or indirect nucleotide identification systems, pyrosequencing, ion- or pH-based detection systems, and electronic signature-based systems. Detect: As used herein, “detect,” “detecting,” or “detection” refers to an act of determining the existence or presence of one or more target nucleic acids (e.g., nucleic acids having targeted mutations or other markers) in a sample. Enriched Sample: As used herein, “enriched sample” refers to a sample that has been enriched for specific regions of interest. The sample can be enriched by amplifying regions of interest or by using single-stranded DNA/RNA probes or double stranded DNA probes that can hybridize to nucleic acid molecules of interest (e.g., SureSelect® probes, Agilent Technologies). In some embodiments, an enriched sample refers to a subset or portion of the processed sample that is enriched, where the subset or portion of the processed sample being enriched contains nucleic acid molecules from a sample of cell-free polynucleotides or polynucleotides. Epigenetic Information: As used herein, “epigenetic information” in the context of a DNA polymer means one or more epigenetic patterns or signatures exhibited in that polymer. Epigenetic Locus: As used herein, “epigenetic locus” or “epigenetic site” means a fixed position on a chromosome that exhibits different states or statuses that do not involve changes or alterations in nucleotide sequence. For the avoidance of doubt, a given epigenetic locus can coincide with a given nucleotide position or genomic region that also exhibits genetic or sequence variation (e.g., mutations). For example, a given epigenetic locus may or may not be acetylated, methylated (e.g., modified with 5-methylcytosine (5mC), modified with 5-hydroxymethylcytosine (5hmC), and/or the like), ubiquitylated, phosphorylated, sumoylated, ribosylated, citrullinated, have a histone post-translational modification or other histone variation, and/or the like. Epigenetic Signature: As used herein, “epigenetic signature” means an epigenetic state or status exhibited by one or more epigenetic loci in a given DNA molecule. For example, DNA molecules or cfDNA fragments that comprise a given genomic region or locus (e.g., a CTCF binding region, etc.) may also exhibit epigenetic patterns in which some of those DNA molecules include a certain number of epigenetic loci that are methylated, whereas in other instances corresponding epigenetic loci in other DNA molecules or cfDNA fragments that comprise the same genomic region are unmethylated. Germline Mutation: As used herein, “germline mutation” means a mutation in nucleic acids in a germ cell that is present prior to conception. Immunotherapy: As used herein, “immunotherapy” refers to treatment with one or more agents that act to stimulate the immune system so as to kill or at least to inhibit growth of cancer cells, and preferably to reduce further growth of the cancer, reduce the size of the cancer and/or eliminate the cancer. Some such agents bind to a target present on cancer cells; some bind to a target present on immune cells and not on cancer cells; some bind to a target present on both cancer cells and immune cells. Such agents include, but are not limited to, checkpoint inhibitors and/or antibodies. Checkpoint inhibitors are inhibitors of pathways of the immune system that maintain self-tolerance and modulate the duration and amplitude of physiological immune responses in peripheral tissues to minimize collateral tissue damage (see, e.g., Pardoll, Nature Reviews Cancer 12, 252-264 (2012)). Exemplary agents include antibodies against any of PD-1, PD-2, PD-L1, PD-L2, CTLA-4, OX40, B7.1, B7He, LAG3, CD137, KIR, CCR5, CD27, CD40, or CD47. Other exemplary agents include proinflammatory cytokines, such as IL-1β, IL-6, and TNF-α. Other exemplary agents are T-cells activated against a tumor, such as T-cells activated by expressing a chimeric antigen targeting a tumor antigen recognized by the T-cell. Indel: As used herein, “indel” refers to mutation that involves the insertion or deletion of nucleotide positions in the genome of a subject. Maximum Mutant Allele Frequency: As used herein, “maximum mutant allele frequency,” “maximum variant allele frequency,” “maximum MAF,” “MAX MAF,” “maximum VAF,” “max-MAF” or “MAX VAF” refers to the maximum or largest MAF of all somatic variants present or observed in a given sample. Mutant Allele Frequency: As used herein, “mutant allele frequency,” “variant allele frequency,” “mutant allele fraction,” “variant allele fraction,” “MAF,” or “VAF” refers to the frequency at which mutant alleles occur in a given population of nucleic acids, such as a sample obtained from a subject. MAF is generally expressed as a fraction or a percentage. Molecular Response: As used herein, “molecular response” refers to a change in one or more circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) variant allele frequencies, levels, or amounts observed in between samples taken from a given subject at different time points. Molecular Responder: As used herein, “molecular responder” or “responder” refers to a subject having a molecular response score that indicates a decrease in one or more circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) variant allele frequencies, levels, or amounts observed in between samples taken from the subject at different time points. Molecular Non-Responder: As used herein, “molecular non-responder” or “non-responder” refers to subject having a molecular response score that indicates an increase, or no change, in one or more circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) variant allele frequencies, levels, or amounts observed in between samples taken from the subject at different time points. A threshold specifying a level of decrease (or increase) may be utilized to determine whether the subject is a molecular responder or a molecular non-responder. For example, a molecular responder may be a subject associated with a decrease of more than a certain percentage change in VAF, and a non-responder may be a subject associated with an increase, or no change, or a decrease by less than a certain percentage change in VAF. Mutation: As used herein, “mutation,” “nucleic acid variant,” “variant,” or “genetic aberration” refers to a variation from a known reference sequence and includes mutations such as, for example, single nucleotide variants (SNVs), copy number variants or variations (CNVs)/aberrations, insertions or deletions (indels), truncation, gene fusions, transversions, translocations, frame shifts, duplications, repeat expansions, and epigenetic variants. A mutation can be a germline or somatic mutation. In some embodiments, a reference sequence for purposes of comparison is a wildtype genomic sequence of the species of the subject providing a test sample, typically the human genome. In certain cases, a mutation or variant is a “tumor-related genetic variant” that causes or at least contributes to oncogenesis. Next Generation Sequencing: As used herein, “next generation sequencing” or “NGS” refers to sequencing technologies having increased throughput as compared to traditional Sanger- and capillary electrophoresis-based approaches, for example, with the ability to generate hundreds of thousands of relatively small sequence reads at a time. Some examples of next generation sequencing techniques include, but are not limited to, sequencing by synthesis, sequencing by ligation, and sequencing by hybridization. Nucleic Acid Tag: As used herein, “nucleic acid tag” refers to a short nucleic acid (e.g., less than about 500, about 100, about 50 or about 10 nucleotides in length), used to label nucleic acid molecules to distinguish nucleic acids from different samples (e.g., representing a sample index), or different nucleic acid molecules in the same sample (e.g., representing a molecular tag), of different types, or which have undergone different processing. Nucleic acid tags can be single stranded, double stranded or at least partially double stranded. Nucleic acid tags optionally have the same length or varied lengths. Nucleic acid tags can also include double-stranded molecules having one or more blunt-ends, include 5′ or 3′ single-stranded regions (e.g., an overhang), and/or include one or more other single-stranded regions at other locations within a given molecule. Nucleic acid tags can be attached to one end or both ends of the other nucleic acids (e.g., sample nucleic acids to be amplified and/or sequenced). Nucleic acid tags can be decoded to reveal information such as the sample of origin, form or processing of a given nucleic acid. Nucleic acid tags can also be used to enable pooling and/or parallel processing of multiple samples comprising nucleic acids bearing different nucleic acid tags and/or sample indexes in which the nucleic acids are subsequently being deconvoluted by reading the nucleic acid tags. Nucleic acid tags can also be referred to as molecular identifiers or tags, sample identifiers, index tags, and/or barcodes. Additionally or alternatively, nucleic acid tags can be used to distinguish different molecules in the same sample. This includes, for example, uniquely tagging each different nucleic acid molecule in a given sample, or non-uniquely tagging such molecules. In the case of non-unique tagging applications, a limited number of tags may be used to tag each nucleic acid molecule such that different molecules can be distinguished based on, for example, start/stop positions where they map to a selected reference genome in combination with at least one nucleic acid tag. Typically, a sufficient number of different nucleic acid tags are used such that there is a low probability (e.g., less than about a 10%, less than about a 5%, less than about a 1%, or less than about a 0.1% chance) that any two molecules will have the same start/stop positions and also have the same nucleic acid tag. Some nucleic acid tags include multiple molecular identifiers to label samples, forms of nucleic acid molecules within a sample, and nucleic acid molecules within a form having the same start and stop positions. Such nucleic acid tags can be referenced using the exemplary form “Ali” in which the uppercase letter indicates a sample type, the Arabic numeral indicates a form of molecule within a sample, and the lowercase Roman numeral indicates a molecule within a form. Polynucleotide: As used herein, “polynucleotide”, “nucleic acid”, “nucleic acid molecule”, or “oligonucleotide” refers to a linear polymer of nucleosides (including deoxyribonucleosides, ribonucleosides, or analogs thereof) joined by internucleosidic linkages. Typically, a polynucleotide comprises at least three nucleosides. Oligonucleotides often range in size from a few monomeric units, e.g. 3-4, to hundreds of monomeric units. Whenever a polynucleotide is represented by a sequence of letters, such as “ATGCCTG,” it will be understood that the nucleotides are in 5′→3′ order from left to right and that in the case of DNA, “A” denotes deoxyadenosine, “C” denotes deoxycytidine, “G” denotes deoxyguanosine, and “T” denotes deoxythymidine, unless otherwise noted. The letters A, C, G, and T may be used to refer to the bases themselves, to nucleosides, or to nucleotides comprising the bases, as is standard in the art. Reference Sample: As used herein, “reference sample” or “reference cfNA sample” refers to a sample of known composition and/or having or known to have or lack specific properties (e.g., known nucleic acid variant(s), known cellular origin, known tumor fraction, known coverage, and/or the like) that is analyzed along with or compared to test samples in order to evaluate the accuracy of an analytical procedure, classify the test samples, and/or the like. A reference sample dataset typically includes from at least about 25 to at least about 30,000 or more reference samples. In some embodiments, the reference sample dataset includes about 50, 75, 100, 150, 200, 300, 400, 500, 600, 700, 800, 900, 1,000, 2,500, 5,000, 7,500, 10,000, 15,000, 20,000, 25,000, 50,000, 100,000, 1,000,000, or more reference samples. Reference Sequence: As used herein, “reference sequence” or “reference genome” refers to a known sequence used for purposes of comparison with experimentally determined sequences. For example, a known sequence can be an entire genome, a chromosome, or any segment thereof. A reference sequence typically includes at least about 20, at least about 50, at least about 100, at least about 200, at least about 250, at least about 300, at least about 350, at least about 400, at least about 450, at least about 500, at least about 1000, or more nucleotides. A reference sequence can align with a single contiguous sequence of a genome or chromosome or can include non-contiguous segments that align with different regions of a genome or chromosome. Exemplary reference sequences, include, for example, human genomes, such as, hG19 and hG38. Sample: As used herein, “sample” means any biological sample capable of being analyzed by the methods and/or systems disclosed herein. In certain aspects of the present disclosure, samples are bodily fluid samples, for example, whole blood or fractions thereof, lymphatic fluid, urine, and/or cerebrospinal fluid, among other bodily fluid types from which cell-free (circulating, not contained within or otherwise bound to a cell) nucleic acids are sourced. In certain implementations, bodily fluid samples are plasma samples, which are the fluid portions of whole blood exclusive of cells, such as red and white blood cells. In some implementations, bodily fluid samples are serum samples, that is, plasma lacking fibrinogen. In some aspects of the present disclosure, samples are “non-bodily fluid samples” or “non-plasma samples,” that is, biological samples other than “bodily fluid samples” such as, as cellular and/or tissue samples, from which nucleic acids other than cell-free nucleic acids are sourced. Sensitivity: As used herein, “sensitivity” in the context of a given assay or method refers to the ability of the assay or method to detect and distinguish between targeted (e.g., cfDNA fragments originating from tumor cells) and non-targeted (e.g., cfDNA fragments originating from non-tumor cells) analytes. Sequencing: As used herein, “sequencing” refers to any of a number of technologies used to determine the sequence (e.g., the identity and order of monomer units) of a biomolecule, e.g., a nucleic acid such as DNA or RNA. Exemplary sequencing methods include, but are not limited to, targeted sequencing, single molecule real-time sequencing, exon or exome sequencing, intron sequencing, electron microscopy-based sequencing, panel sequencing, transistor-mediated sequencing, direct sequencing, random shotgun sequencing, Sanger dideoxy termination sequencing, whole-genome sequencing, sequencing by hybridization, pyrosequencing, capillary electrophoresis, gel electrophoresis, duplex sequencing, cycle sequencing, single-base extension sequencing, solid-phase sequencing, high-throughput sequencing, massively parallel signature sequencing, emulsion PCR, co-amplification at lower denaturation temperature-PCR (COLD-PCR), multiplex PCR, sequencing by reversible dye terminator, paired-end sequencing, near-term sequencing, exonuclease sequencing, sequencing by ligation, short-read sequencing, single-molecule sequencing, sequencing-by-synthesis, real-time sequencing, reverse-terminator sequencing, nanopore sequencing, 454 sequencing, Solexa Genome Analyzer sequencing, SOLiD™ sequencing, MS-PET sequencing, and a combination thereof. In some embodiments, sequencing can be performer by a gene analyzer such as, for example, gene analyzers commercially available from Illumina, Inc., Pacific Biosciences, Inc., or Applied Biosystems/Thermo Fisher Scientific, among many others. Single Nucleotide Variant: As used herein, “single nucleotide variant” or “SNV” means a mutation or variation in a single nucleotide that occurs at a specific position in the genome. Somatic Mutation: As used herein, “somatic mutation” means a mutation in the genome that occurs after conception. Somatic mutations can occur in any cell of the body except germ cells and accordingly, are not passed on to progeny. Specificity: As used herein, “specificity” in the context of a diagnostic analysis or assay refers to the extent to which the analysis or assay detects an intended target analyte to the exclusion of other components of a given sample. Sub-Clonal: As used herein, “sub-clonal” in the context of nucleic acids refers to a sub-population of nucleic acids (i.e., a subset of the population of nucleic acids) that comprises nucleotide sequences that are substantially or completely identical to each other at least at a given locus of interest (e.g., a target variant). For example, sub-clonal can refer to a subset of cancer cells. Subject: As used herein, “subject” refers to an animal, such as a mammalian species (e.g., human) or avian (e.g., bird) species, or other organism, such as a plant. More specifically, a subject can be a vertebrate, e.g., a mammal such as a mouse, a primate, a simian or a human. Animals include farm animals (e.g., production cattle, dairy cattle, poultry, horses, pigs, and the like), sport animals, and companion animals (e.g., pets or support animals). A subject can be a healthy individual, an individual that has or is suspected of having a disease or a predisposition to the disease, or an individual that is in need of therapy or suspected of needing therapy. The terms “individual” or “patient” are intended to be interchangeable with “subject.” For example, a subject can be an individual who has been diagnosed with having a cancer, is going to receive a cancer therapy, and/or has received at least one cancer therapy. The subject can be in remission of a cancer. As another example, the subject can be an individual who is diagnosed of having an autoimmune disease. As another example, the subject can be a female individual who is pregnant or who is planning on getting pregnant, who may have been diagnosed of or suspected of having a disease, e.g., a cancer, an auto-immune disease. Threshold Value: As used herein, “threshold value” refers to a separately determined value used to characterize or classify experimentally determined values. Tumor Fraction: As used herein, “tumor fraction” refers to the estimate of the fraction of nucleic acid molecules derived from tumor in a given sample. For example, the tumor fraction of a sample can be a measure derived from the maximum somatic mutant allele frequency (max MAF) of the sample or coverage of the sample, or length, epigenetic state, or other properties of the cfNA fragments in the sample or any other selected feature of the sample. In some embodiments, the tumor fraction of a sample is equal to the max MAF of the sample. Value: As used herein, “value” generally refers to an entry in a dataset can be anything that characterizes the feature to which the value refers. This includes, without limitation, numbers, words or phrases, symbols (e.g., + or −) or degrees. Although any methods and materials similar or equivalent to those described herein can be used in the practice or testing of the present method and compositions, the particularly useful methods, devices, and materials are as described. Publications cited herein and the material for which they are cited are hereby specifically incorporated by reference. Nothing herein is to be construed as an admission that the present invention is not entitled to antedate such disclosure by virtue of prior invention. No admission is made that any reference constitutes prior art. The discussion of references states what their authors assert, and applicants reserve the right to challenge the accuracy and pertinency of the cited documents. It will be clearly understood that, although a number of publications are referred to herein, such reference does not constitute an admission that any of these documents forms part of the common general knowledge in the art. Throughout the description and claims of this specification, the word “comprise” and variations of the word, such as “comprising” and “comprises,” means “including but not limited to,” and is not intended to exclude, for example, other additives, components, integers or steps. In particular, in methods stated as comprising one or more steps or operations it is specifically contemplated that each step comprises what is listed (unless that step includes a limiting term such as “consisting of”), meaning that each step is not intended to exclude, for example, other additives, components, integers or steps that are not listed in the step. Where the invention provides a process involving multiple sequential steps, the invention can also provide a process where these different steps can be performed at very different times by different people in different places (e.g. in different countries). II. Molecular Response Scoring In an embodiment, shown in  FIG.  1 100 Methods and systems are described for assessing response to treatment using a molecular response (MR) score. In an embodiment, baseline (pre-treatment) gene expression data may be obtained for a plurality of patients prior to treatment and on-treatment gene expression data may be obtained for the plurality of patients during treatment. In an embodiment, the baseline gene expression data (e.g., variant data) and/or the on-treatment gene expression data may be analyzed to determine a molecular response (MR) score. The MR score may indicate that a patient is a responder or a non-responder to the treatment. In an embodiment, a mutant allele fraction (MAF) may be determined as part of the MR score. In an embodiment, the variance of each MAF may be incorporated into the determination of the molecular response score. This ensures molecular response scores include accurate variance, which provides a significant improvement in making a correct conclusion from the molecular response score. The improvement is even more pronounced when the molecular response score is a ratio, as a ratio is sensitive to variance in the denominator. The variance can be incorporated into the molecular response score either through deriving mathematically the molecular response variance or through simulation or sampling from the variance distribution of each variant to determine the molecular response variance. a. cfDNA Isolation and Extraction As shown in  FIG.  1 0 101 1 102 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1  0 As described herein, a polynucleotide can comprise any type of nucleic acid, such as DNA and/or RNA. For example, if a polynucleotide is DNA, it can be genomic DNA, complementary DNA (cDNA), or any other deoxyribonucleic acid. A polynucleotide can also be a cell-free nucleic acid such as cell-free DNA (cfDNA). For example, the polynucleotide can be circulating cfDNA. Circulating cfDNA may comprise DNA shed from bodily cells via apoptosis or necrosis. cfDNA shed via apoptosis or necrosis may originate from normal (e.g. healthy) bodily cells. Where there is abnormal tissue growth, such as for cancer, tumor DNA may be shed. The circulating cfDNA can comprise circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA). i. Samples Isolation and extraction of cell free polynucleotides may be performed through collection of samples using a variety of techniques. A sample can be any biological sample isolated from a subject. Samples can include body tissues, whole blood, platelets, serum, plasma, stool, red blood cells, white blood cells or leucocytes, endothelial cells, tissue biopsies (e.g., biopsies from known or suspected solid tumors), cerebrospinal fluid, synovial fluid, lymphatic fluid, ascites fluid, interstitial or extracellular fluid (e.g., fluid from intercellular spaces), gingival fluid, crevicular fluid, bone marrow, pleural effusions, cerebrospinal fluid, saliva, mucous, sputum, semen, sweat, urine. Samples are preferably body fluids, particularly blood and fractions thereof, and urine. Such samples include nucleic acids shed from tumors. The nucleic acids can include DNA and RNA and can be in double and single-stranded forms. A sample can be in the form originally isolated from a subject or can have been subjected to further processing to remove or add components, such as cells, enrich for one component relative to another, or convert one form of nucleic acid to another, such as RNA to DNA or single-stranded nucleic acids to double-stranded. Thus, for example, a body fluid sample for analysis is plasma or serum containing cell-free nucleic acids, e.g., cell-free DNA (cfDNA). In some embodiments, the sample volume of body fluid taken from a subject depends on the desired read depth for sequenced regions. Exemplary volumes are about 0.4-40 ml, about 5-20 ml, about 10-20 ml. For example, the volume can be about 0.5 ml, about 1 ml, about 5 ml, about 10 ml, about 20 ml, about 30 ml, about 40 ml, or more milliliters. A volume of sampled blood is typically between about 5 ml to about 20 ml. The sample can comprise various amounts of nucleic acid. Typically, the amount of nucleic acid in a given sample is equated with multiple genome equivalents. For example, a sample of about 30 ng DNA can contain about 10,000 ( 10 4 11 In some embodiments, a sample comprises nucleic acids from different sources, e.g., from cells and from cell-free sources (e.g., blood samples, etc.). Typically, a sample includes nucleic acids carrying mutations. For example, a sample optionally comprises DNA carrying germline mutations and/or somatic mutations. Typically, a sample comprises DNA carrying cancer-associated mutations (e.g., cancer-associated somatic mutations). In some embodiments of the present disclosure, cell free nucleic acids in a subject may derive from a tumor. For example cell-free DNA isolated from a subject can comprise ctDNA. Exemplary amounts of cell-free nucleic acids in a sample before amplification typically range from about 1 femtogram (fg) to about 1 microgram (μg), e.g., about 1 picogram (pg) to about 200 nanogram (ng), about 1 ng to about 100 ng, about 10 ng to about 1000 ng. In some embodiments, a sample includes up to about 600 ng, up to about 500 ng, up to about 400 ng, up to about 300 ng, up to about 200 ng, up to about 100 ng, up to about 50 ng, or up to about 20 ng of cell-free nucleic acid molecules. Optionally, the amount is at least about 1 fg, at least about 10 fg, at least about 100 fg, at least about 1 pg, at least about 10 pg, at least about 100 pg, at least about 1 ng, at least about 10 ng, at least about 100 ng, at least about 150 ng, or at least about 200 ng of cell-free nucleic acid molecules. In certain embodiments, the amount is up to about 1 fg, about 10 fg, about 100 fg, about 1 pg, about 10 pg, about 100 pg, about 1 ng, about 10 ng, about 100 ng, about 150 ng, or about 200 ng of cell-free nucleic acid molecules. In some embodiments, methods include obtaining between about 1 fg to about 200 ng cell-free nucleic acid molecules from samples. Cell-free nucleic acids typically have a size distribution of between about 100 nucleotides in length and about 500 nucleotides in length, with molecules of about 110 nucleotides in length to about 230 nucleotides in length representing about 90% of molecules in the sample, with a mode of about 168 nucleotides length and a second minor peak in a range between about 240 to about 440 nucleotides in length. In certain embodiments, cell-free nucleic acids are from about 160 to about 180 nucleotides in length, or from about 320 to about 360 nucleotides in length, or from about 440 to about 480 nucleotides in length. In some embodiments, cell-free nucleic acids are isolated from bodily fluids through a partitioning step in which cell-free nucleic acids, as found in solution, are separated from intact cells and other non-soluble components of the bodily fluid. In some of these embodiments, partitioning includes techniques such as centrifugation or filtration. Alternatively, cells in bodily fluids are lysed, and cell-free and cellular nucleic acids processed together. Generally, after addition of buffers and wash steps, cell-free nucleic acids are precipitated with, for example, an alcohol. In certain embodiments, additional clean up steps are used, such as silica-based columns to remove contaminants or salts. Non-specific bulk carrier nucleic acids, for example, are optionally added throughout the reaction to optimize certain aspects of the exemplary procedure, such as yield. After such processing, samples typically include various forms of nucleic acids including double-stranded DNA, single-stranded DNA and/or single-stranded RNA. Optionally, single stranded DNA and/or single stranded RNA are converted to double stranded forms so that they are included in subsequent processing and analysis steps. Additional details regarding cfDNA partitioning and related analysis of epigenetic modifications that are optionally adapted for use in performing the methods disclosed herein are described in, for example, WO 2018/119452, filed Dec. 22, 2017, which is incorporated by reference. ii. Nucleic Acid Tags In certain embodiments, tags providing molecular identifiers or barcodes are incorporated into or otherwise joined to adapters by chemical synthesis, ligation, or overlap extension PCR, among other methods. In some embodiments, the assignment of unique or non-unique identifiers, or molecular barcodes in reactions follows methods and utilizes systems described in, for example, US patent applications 20010053519, 20030152490, 20110160078, and U.S. Pat. Nos. 6,582,908, 7,537,898, and 9,598,731, which are each incorporated by reference. Tags are linked (e.g., ligated) to sample nucleic acids randomly or non-randomly. In some embodiments, tags are introduced at an expected ratio of identifiers (e.g., a combination of unique and/or non-unique barcodes) to microwells. For example, the identifiers may be loaded so that more than about 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 20, 50, 100, 500, 1000, 5000, 10000, 50,000, 100,000, 500,000, 1,000,000, 10,000,000, 50,000,000 or 1,000,000,000 identifiers are loaded per genome sample. In some embodiments, the identifiers are loaded so that less than about 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 20, 50, 100, 500, 1000, 5000, 10000, 50,000, 100,000, 500,000, 1,000,000, 10,000,000, 50,000,000 or 1,000,000,000 identifiers are loaded per genome sample. In certain embodiments, the average number of identifiers loaded per sample genome is less than, or greater than, about 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 20, 50, 100, 500, 1000, 5000, 10000, 50,000, 100,000, 500,000, 1,000,000, 10,000,000, 50,000,000 or 1,000,000,000 identifiers per genome sample. The identifiers are generally unique or non-unique. One exemplary format uses from about 2 to about 1,000,000 different tags, or from about 5 to about 150 different tags, or from about 20 to about 50 different tags, ligated to both ends of a target nucleic acid molecule. For 20-50×20-50 tags, a total of 400-2500 tags are created. Such numbers of tags are typically sufficient for different molecules having the same start and stop points to have a high probability (e.g., at least 94%, 99.5%, 99.99%, 99.999%) of receiving different combinations of tags. In some embodiments, identifiers are predetermined, random, or semi-random sequence oligonucleotides. In other embodiments, a plurality of barcodes may be used such that barcodes are not necessarily unique to one another in the plurality. In these embodiments, barcodes are generally attached (e.g., by ligation or PCR amplification) to individual molecules such that the combination of the barcode and the sequence it may be attached to creates a unique sequence that may be individually tracked. As described herein, detection of non-uniquely tagged barcodes in combination with sequence data of beginning (start) and end (stop) portions of sequence reads typically allows for the assignment of a unique identity to a particular molecule. The length, or number of base pairs, of an individual sequence read are also optionally used to assign a unique identity to a given molecule. As described herein, fragments from a single strand of nucleic acid having been assigned a unique identity, may thereby permit subsequent identification of fragments from the parent strand, and/or a complementary strand. iii. Nucleic Acid Amplification Sample nucleic acids flanked by adapters are typically amplified by PCR and other amplification methods using nucleic acid primers binding to primer binding sites in adapters flanking a DNA molecule to be amplified. In some embodiments, amplification methods involve cycles of extension, denaturation and annealing resulting from thermocycling, or can be isothermal as, for example, in transcription mediated amplification. Other exemplary amplification methods that are optionally utilized, include the ligase chain reaction, strand displacement amplification, nucleic acid sequence-based amplification, and self-sustained sequence-based replication, among other approaches. One or more rounds of amplification cycles are generally applied to introduce sample indexes/tags to a nucleic acid molecule using conventional nucleic acid amplification methods. The amplifications are typically conducted in one or more reaction mixtures. In some embodiments, molecular tags and sample indexes/tags are introduced prior to and/or after sequence capturing steps are performed. In some embodiments, only the molecular tags are introduced prior to probe capturing and the sample indexes/tags are introduced after sequence capturing steps are performed. In certain embodiments, both the molecular tags and the sample indexes/tags are introduced prior to performing probe-based capturing steps. In some embodiments, the sample indexes/tags are introduced after sequence capturing steps (i.e., enrichment of nucleic acids) are performed. Typically, sequence capturing protocols involve introducing a single-stranded nucleic acid molecule complementary to a targeted nucleic acid sequence, e.g., a coding sequence of a genomic region and mutation of such region associated with a cancer type. Typically, the amplification reactions generate a plurality of non-uniquely or uniquely tagged nucleic acid amplicons with molecular tags and sample indexes/tags at size ranging from about 200 nucleotides (nt) to about 700 nt, from 250 nt to about 350 nt, or from about 320 nt to about 550 nt. In some embodiments, the amplicons have a size of about 300 nt. In some embodiments, the amplicons have a size of about 500 nt. iv. Nucleic Acid Enrichment In some embodiments, sequences are enriched prior to sequencing the nucleic acids. Enrichment is optionally performed for specific target regions or nonspecifically (“target sequences”). By way of example, enrichment may be performed nonspecifically based on a size selection method that is not sequence specific but rather is sequence fragment size specific. In some embodiments, targeted regions of interest may be enriched with nucleic acid capture probes (“baits”) selected for one or more bait set panels using a differential tiling and capture scheme. A differential tiling and capture scheme generally uses bait sets of different relative concentrations to differentially tile (e.g., at different “resolutions”) across genomic sections associated with the baits, subject to a set of constraints (e.g., sequencer constraints such as sequencing load, utility of each bait, etc.), and capture the targeted nucleic acids at a desired level for downstream sequencing. These targeted genomic sections of interest optionally include natural or synthetic nucleotide sequences of the nucleic acid construct. In some embodiments, biotin-labeled beads with probes to one or more sections of interest can be used to capture target sequences, and optionally followed by amplification of those sections, to enrich for the regions of interest. Sequence capture typically involves the use of oligonucleotide probes that hybridize to the target nucleic acid sequence. In certain embodiments, a probe set strategy involves tiling the probes across a section of interest. Such probes can be, for example, from about 60 to about 120 nucleotides in length. The set can have a depth of about 2×, 3×, 4×, 5×, 6×, 8×, 9×, 10×, 15×, 20×, 50× or more. The effectiveness of sequence capture generally depends, in part, on the length of the sequence in the target molecule that is complementary (or nearly complementary) to the sequence of the probe. b. Nucleic Acid Sequencing As shown in  FIG.  1 101 102 103 104 The sequencing reactions can be performed on one more nucleic acid fragment types or sections known to contain markers of cancer or of other diseases. The sequencing reactions can also be performed on any nucleic acid fragment present in the sample. The sequence reactions may provide for sequence coverage of the genome of at least about 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, 25%, 30%, 40%, 50%, 60%, 70%, 80%, 90%, 95%, 99%, 99.9% or 100% of the genome. In other cases, sequence coverage of the genome may be less than about 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, 25%, 30%, 40%, 50%, 60%, 70%, 80%, 90%, 95%, 99%, 99.9% or 100% of the genome. Simultaneous sequencing reactions may be performed using multiplex sequencing techniques. In some embodiments, cell-free polynucleotides are sequenced with at least about 1000, 2000, 3000, 4000, 5000, 6000, 7000, 8000, 9000, 10000, 50000, or 100,000 sequencing reactions. In other embodiments, cell-free polynucleotides are sequenced with less than about 1000, 2000, 3000, 4000, 5000, 6000, 7000, 8000, 9000, 10000, 50000, or 100,000 sequencing reactions. Sequencing reactions are typically performed sequentially or simultaneously. Subsequent data analysis is generally performed on all or part of the sequencing reactions. In some embodiments, data analysis is performed on at least about 1000, 2000, 3000, 4000, 5000, 6000, 7000, 8000, 9000, 10000, 50000, or 100,000 sequencing reactions. In other embodiments, data analysis may be performed on less than about 1000, 2000, 3000, 4000, 5000, 6000, 7000, 8000, 9000, 10000, 50000, or 100,000 sequencing reactions. An exemplary read depth is from about 1000 to about 50000 reads per locus (base position). In some embodiments, a nucleic acid population is prepared for sequencing by enzymatically forming blunt-ends on double-stranded nucleic acids with single-stranded overhangs at one or both ends. In these embodiments, the population is typically treated with an enzyme having a 5′-3′ DNA polymerase activity and a 3′-5′ exonuclease activity in the presence of the nucleotides (e.g., A, C, G and T or U). Exemplary enzymes or catalytic fragments thereof that are optionally used include Klenow large fragment and T4 polymerase. At 5′ overhangs, the enzyme typically extends the recessed 3′ end on the opposing strand until it is flush with the 5′ end to produce a blunt end. At 3′ overhangs, the enzyme generally digests from the 3′ end up to and sometimes beyond the 5′ end of the opposing strand. If this digestion proceeds beyond the 5′ end of the opposing strand, the gap can be filled in by an enzyme having the same polymerase activity that is used for 5′ overhangs. The formation of blunt-ends on double-stranded nucleic acids facilitates, for example, the attachment of adapters and subsequent amplification. In some embodiments, nucleic acid populations are subject to additional processing, such as the conversion of single-stranded nucleic acids to double-stranded and/or conversion of RNA to DNA. These forms of nucleic acid are also optionally linked to adapters and amplified. With or without prior amplification, nucleic acids subject to the process of forming blunt-ends described above, and optionally other nucleic acids in a sample, can be sequenced to produce sequenced nucleic acids. A sequenced nucleic acid can refer either to the sequence of a nucleic acid (i.e., sequence information) or a nucleic acid whose sequence has been determined. Sequencing can be performed so as to provide sequence data of individual nucleic acid molecules in a sample either directly or indirectly from a consensus sequence of amplification products of an individual nucleic acid molecule in the sample. In some embodiments, double-stranded nucleic acids with single-stranded overhangs in a sample after blunt-end formation are linked at both ends to adapters including barcodes, and the sequencing determines nucleic acid sequences as well as in-line barcodes introduced by the adapters. The blunt-end DNA molecules are optionally ligated to a blunt end of an at least partially double-stranded adapter (e.g., a Y shaped or bell-shaped adapter). Alternatively, blunt ends of sample nucleic acids and adapters can be tailed with complementary nucleotides to facilitate ligation (e.g., sticky end ligation). The nucleic acid sample is typically contacted with a sufficient number of adapters such that there is a low probability (e.g., <1 or 0.1%) that any two copies of the same nucleic acid receive the same combination of adapter barcodes from the adapters linked at both ends. The use of adapters in this manner permits identification of families of nucleic acid sequences with the same start and stop points on a reference nucleic acid and linked to the same combination of barcodes. Such a family represents sequences of amplification products of a template/parent nucleic acid in the sample before amplification. The sequences of family members can be compiled to derive consensus nucleotide(s) or a complete consensus sequence for a nucleic acid molecule in the original sample, as modified by blunt end formation and adapter attachment. In other words, the nucleotide occupying a specified position of a nucleic acid in the sample is determined to be the consensus of nucleotides occupying that corresponding position in family member sequences. Families can include sequences of one or both strands of a double-stranded nucleic acid. If members of a family include sequences of both strands from a double-stranded nucleic acid, sequences of one strand are converted to their complement for purposes of compiling all sequences to derive consensus nucleotide(s) or sequences. Some families include only a single member sequence. In this case, this sequence can be taken as the sequence of a nucleic acid in the sample before amplification. Alternatively, families with only a single member sequence may be eliminated from subsequent analysis. Nucleotide variations in sequenced nucleic acids can be determined by comparing sequenced nucleic acids with a reference sequence. The reference sequence is often a known sequence, e.g., a known whole or partial genome sequence from a subject (e.g., a whole genome sequence of a human subject). The reference sequence can be, for example, hG19 or hG38. The sequenced nucleic acids can represent sequences determined directly for a nucleic acid in a sample, or a consensus of sequences of amplification products of such a nucleic acid, as described above. A comparison can be performed at one or more designated positions on a reference sequence. A subset of sequenced nucleic acids can be identified including a position corresponding with a designated position of the reference sequence when the respective sequences are maximally aligned. Within such a subset it can be determined which, if any, sequenced nucleic acids include a nucleotide variation at the designated position, the length of a given cfDNA fragment based upon where its endpoints (i.e., it 5′ and 3′ terminal nucleotides) map to the reference sequence, the offset of a midpoint of a given cfDNA fragment from a midpoint of a genomic region in the cfDNA fragment, and optionally which if any, include a reference nucleotide (i.e., same as in the reference sequence). If the number of sequenced nucleic acids in the subset including a nucleotide variant exceeding a selected threshold, then a variant nucleotide can be called at the designated position. The threshold can be a simple number, such as at least 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, or 10 sequenced nucleic acids within the subset including the nucleotide variant or it can be a ratio, such as a least 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 15, or 20 of sequenced nucleic acids within the subset that include the nucleotide variant, among other possibilities. The comparison can be repeated for any designated position of interest in the reference sequence. Sometimes a comparison can be performed for designated positions occupying at least about 20, 100, 200, or 300 contiguous positions on a reference sequence, e.g., about 20-500, or about 50-300 contiguous positions. Additional details regarding nucleic acid sequencing, including the formats and applications described herein are also provided in, for example, Levy et al., Annual Review of Genomics and Human Genetics, 17: 95-115 (2016), Liu et al., J. of Biomedicine and Biotechnology, Volume 2012, Article ID 251364:1-11 (2012), Voelkerding et al., Clinical Chem., 55: 641-658 (2009), MacLean et al., Nature Rev. Microbiol., 7: 287-296 (2009), Astier et al., J Am Chem Soc., 128(5):1705-10 (2006), U.S. Pat. Nos. 6,210,891, 6,258,568, 6,833,246, 7,115,400, 6,969,488, 5,912,148, 6,130,073, 7,169,560, 7,282,337, 7,482,120, 7,501,245, 6,818,395, 6,911,345, 7,501,245, 7,329,492, 7,170,050, 7,302,146, 7,313,308, and 7,476,503, which are each incorporated by reference in their entirety. i. Sequencing Panel To improve the likelihood of detecting genomic regions of interest and optionally, tumor indicating mutations, the sections of DNA sequenced may comprise a panel of genes or genomic sections that comprise known genomic regions. Selection of a limited section for sequencing (e.g., a limited panel) can reduce the total sequencing needed (e.g., a total amount of nucleotides sequenced). A sequencing panel can target a plurality of different genes or regions, for example, to detect a single cancer, a set of cancers, or all cancers. Alternatively, DNA may be sequenced by whole genome sequencing (WGS) or other unbiased sequencing method without the use of a sequencing panel. Examples of suitable panel and targets for use in panels can be found in the epigenetic targets described in U.S. provisional patent application 62/799,637, filed Jan. 31, 2019, which is incorporated by reference in its entirety. In some aspects, a panel that targets a plurality of different genes or genomic regions (e.g., transcriptional factor binding regions, distal regulatory elements (DREs), repetitive elements, intron-exon junctions, transcriptional start sites (TSSs), and/or the like) is selected such that a determined proportion of subjects having a cancer exhibits a genetic variant or tumor marker in one or more different genes in the panel. The panel may be selected to limit a region for sequencing to a fixed number of base pairs. The panel may be selected to sequence a desired amount of DNA. The panel may be further selected to achieve a desired sequence read depth. The panel may be selected to achieve a desired sequence read depth or sequence read coverage for an amount of sequenced base pairs. The panel may be selected to achieve a theoretical sensitivity, a theoretical specificity, and/or a theoretical accuracy for detecting one or more genetic variants in a sample. Probes for detecting the panel of regions can include those for detecting genomic regions of interest (hotspot regions) as well as nucleosome-aware probes (e.g., KRAS codons  12 13 Some examples of listings of genomic locations of interest may be found in Table 1 and Table 2. In some embodiments, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise at least a portion of at least 5, at least 10, at least 15, at least 20, at least 25, at least 30, at least 35, at least 40, at least 45, at least 50, at least 55, at least 60, at least 65, at least 70, at least 75, at least 80, at least 85, at least 90, at least 95, or 97 of the genes of Table 1. In an embodiment, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise all genes of Table 1. In some embodiments, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise at least 5, at least 10, at least 15, at least 20, at least 25, at least 30, at least 35, at least 40, at least 45, at least 50, at least 55, at least 60, at least 65, or 70 of the SNVs of Table 1. In an embodiment, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise all SNVs of Table 1. In some embodiments, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise at least 1, at least 2, at least 3, at least 4, at least 5, at least 6, at least 7, at least 8, at least 9, at least 10, at least 11, at least 12, at least 13, at least 14, at least 15, at least 16, at least 17, or 18 of the CNVs of Table 1. In an embodiment, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise all CNVs of Table 1. In some embodiments, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise at least 1, at least 2, at least 3, at least 4, at least 5, or 6 of the fusions of Table 1. In an embodiment, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise all fusions of Table 1. In some embodiments, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise at least a portion of at least 1, at least 2, or 3 of the indels of Table 1. In an embodiment, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise all indels of Table 1. In an embodiment, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise all genes, SNVs, CNVs, fusions, and indels of Table 1. In some embodiments, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise at least a portion of at least 5, at least 10, at least 15, at least 20, at least 25, at least 30, at least 35, at least 40, at least 45, at least 50, at least 55, at least 60, at least 65, at least 70, at least 75, at least 80, at least 85, at least 90, at least 95, at least 100, at least 105, at least 110, or 115 of the genes of Table 2. In an embodiment, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise all genes of Table 2. In an embodiment, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise all genes of Table 1 and Table 2. In some embodiments, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise at least 5, at least 10, at least 15, at least 20, at least 25, at least 30, at least 35, at least 40, at least 45, at least 50, at least 55, at least 60, at least 65, at least 70, or 73 of the SNVs of Table 2. In an embodiment, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise all SNVs of Table 2. In an embodiment, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise all SNVs of Table 1 and Table 2. In some embodiments, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise at least 1, at least 2, at least 3, at least 4, at least 5, at least 6, at least 7, at least 8, at least 9, at least 10, at least 11, at least 12, at least 13, at least 14, at least 15, at least 16, at least 17, or 18 of the CNVs of Table 2. In an embodiment, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise all CNVs of Table 2. In an embodiment, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise all CNVs of Table 1 and Table 2. In some embodiments, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise at least 1, at least 2, at least 3, at least 4, at least 5, or 6 of the fusions of Table 2. In an embodiment, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise all fusions of Table 2. In an embodiment, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise all fusions of Table 1 and Table 2. In some embodiments, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise at least a portion of at least 1, at least 2, at least 3, at least 4, at least 5, at least 6, at least 7, at least 8, at least 9, at least 10, at least 11, at least 12, at least 13, at least 14, at least 15, at least 16, at least 17, or 18 of the indels of Table 2. In an embodiment, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise all indels of Table 2. In an embodiment, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise all indels of Table 1 and Table 2. In an embodiment, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise all genes, SNVs, CNVs, fusions, and indels of Table 2. In an embodiment, genomic locations used in the methods of the present disclosure comprise all genes, SNVs, CNVs, fusions, and indels of Table 1 and Table 2. Each of these genomic locations of interest may be identified as a backbone region or hot-spot region for a given bait set panel. 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 1 
 
 Amplifications 
 Point Mutations (SNVs) (CNVs) Fusions Indels 
 
 
 
 
 
 AKT1 ALK APC AR ARAF ARID1A AR BRAF ALK EGFR 
 ATM BRAF BRCA1 BRCA2 CCND1 CCND2 CCND1 CCND2 FGFR2 (exons 
 CCNE1 CDH1 CDK4 CDK6 CDKN2A CDKN2B CCNE1 CDK4 FGFR3 19 & 20) 
 CTNNB1 EGFR ERBB2 ESR1 EZH2 FBXW7 CDK6 EGFR NTRK1 ERBB2 
 FGFR1 FGFR2 FGFR3 GATA3 GNA11 GNAQ ERBB2 FGFR1 RET (exons 
 GNAS HNF1A HRAS IDH1 IDH2 JAK2 FGFR2 KIT ROS1 19 & 20) 
 JAK3 KIT KRAS MAP2K1 MAP2K2 MET KRAS MET MET 
 MLH1 MPL MYC NF1 NFE2L2 NOTCH1 MYC PDGFRA (exon 14 
 NPM1 NRAS NTRK1 PDGFRA PIK3CA PTEN PIK3CA RAF1 skipping) 
 PTPN11 RAF1 RB1 RET RHEB RHOA 
 RIT1 ROS1 SMAD4 SMO SRC STK11 
 TERT TP53 TSC1 VHL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 2 
 
 Amplifications 
 Point Mutations (SNVs) (CNVs) Fusions Indels 
 
 
 
 
 
 AKT1 ALK APC AR ARAF ARID1A AR BRAF ALK EGFR 
 ATM BRAF BRCA1 BRCA2 CCND1 CCND2 CCND1 CCND2 FGFR2 (exons 
 CCNE1 CDH1 CDK4 CDK6 CDKN2A DDR2 CCNE1 CDK4 FGFR3 19 & 20) 
 CTNNB1 EGFR ERBB2 ESR1 EZH2 FBXW7 CDK6 EGFR NTRK1 ERBB2 
 FGFR1 FGFR2 FGFR3 GATA3 GNA11 GNAQ ERBB2 FGFR1 RET (exons 
 GNAS HNF1A HRAS IDH1 IDH2 JAK2 FGFR2 KIT ROS1 19 & 20) 
 JAK3 KIT KRAS MAP2K1 MAP2K2 MET KRAS MET MET 
 MLH1 MPL MYC NF1 NFE2L2 NOTCH1 MYC PDGFRA (exon 14 
 NPM1 NRAS NTRK1 PDGFRA PIK3CA PTEN PIK3CA RAF1 skipping) 
 PTPN11 RAF1 RB1 RET RHEB RHOA ATM 
 RIT1 ROS1 SMAD4 SMO MAPK1 STK11 
 TERT TP53 TSC1 VHL MAPK3 MTOR 
 NTRK3 APC 
 
 
 ARID1A 
 BRCA1 
 BRCA2 
 CDH1 
 CDKN2A 
 GATA3 
 KIT 
 MLH1 
 MTOR 
 NF1 
 PDGFRA 
 PTEN 
 RB1 
 SMAD4 
 STK11 
 TP53 
 TSC1 
 VHL 
 In some embodiments, the one or more regions in the panel comprise one or more loci from one or a plurality of genes for detecting residual cancer after surgery. This detection can be earlier than is possible for existing methods of cancer detection. In some embodiments, the one or more genomic locations in the panel comprise one or more loci from one or a plurality of genes for detecting cancer in a high-risk patient population. For example, smokers have much higher rates of lung cancer than the general population. Moreover, smokers can develop other lung conditions that make cancer detection more difficult, such as the development of irregular nodules in the lungs. In some embodiments, the methods described herein detect the response of patients to cancer therapy (particularly in high risk patients) earlier than is possible for existing methods of cancer detection. A genomic location may be selected for inclusion in a sequencing panel based on a number of subjects with a cancer that have a tumor marker in that gene or region. A genomic location may be selected for inclusion in a sequencing panel based on prevalence of subjects with a cancer and a tumor marker present in that gene. Presence of a tumor marker in a region may be indicative of a subject having cancer. In some instances, the panel may be selected using information from one or more databases. The information regarding a cancer may be derived from cancer tumor biopsies or cfDNA assays. A database may comprise information describing a population of sequenced tumor samples. A database may comprise information about mRNA expression in tumor samples. A database may comprise information about regulatory elements or genomic regions in tumor samples. The information relating to the sequenced tumor samples may include the frequency of various genetic variants and describe the genes or regions in which the genetic variants occur. The genetic variants may be tumor markers. A non-limiting example of such a database is COSMIC. COSMIC is a catalogue of somatic mutations found in various cancers. For a particular cancer, COSMIC ranks genes based on frequency of mutation. A gene may be selected for inclusion in a panel by having a high frequency of mutation within a given gene. For instance, COSMIC indicates that 33% of a population of sequenced breast cancer samples have a mutation in TP53 and 22% of a population of sampled breast cancers have a mutation in KRAS. Other ranked genes, including APC, have mutations found only in about 4% of a population of sequenced breast cancer samples. TP53 and KRAS may be included in a sequencing panel based on having relatively high frequency among sampled breast cancers (compared to APC, for example, which occurs at a frequency of about 4%). COSMIC is provided as a non-limiting example, however, any database or set of information may be used that associates a cancer with tumor marker located in a gene or genetic region. In another example, as provided by COSMIC, of 1156 biliary tract cancer samples, 380 samples (33%) carried mutations in TP53. Several other genes, such as APC, have mutations in 4-8% of all samples. Thus, TP53 may be selected for inclusion in the panel based on a relatively high frequency in a population of biliary tract cancer samples. A gene or genomic section may be selected for a panel where the frequency of a tumor marker is significantly greater in sampled tumor tissue or circulating tumor DNA than found in a given background population. A combination of genomic locations may be selected for inclusion of a panel such that at least a majority of subjects having a cancer may have a tumor marker or genomic region present in at least one of the genomic location or genes in the panel. The combination of genomic location may be selected based on data indicating that, for a particular cancer or set of cancers, a majority of subjects have one or more tumor markers in one or more of the selected regions. For example, to detect cancer 1, a panel comprising regions A, B, C, and/or D may be selected based on data indicating that 90% of subjects with cancer 1 have a tumor marker in regions A, B, C, and/or D of the panel. Alternately, tumor markers may be shown to occur independently in two or more regions in subjects having a cancer such that, combined, a tumor marker in the two or more regions is present in a majority of a population of subjects having a cancer. For example, to detect cancer 2, a panel comprising regions X, Y, and Z may be selected based on data indicating that 90% of subjects have a tumor marker in one or more regions, and in 30% of such subjects a tumor marker is detected only in region X, while tumor markers are detected only in regions Y and/or Z for the remainder of the subjects for whom a tumor marker was detected. Tumor markers present in one or more genomic locations previously shown to be associated with one or more cancers may be indicative of or predictive of a subject having cancer if a tumor marker is detected in one or more of those regions 50% or more of the time. Computational approaches such as models employing conditional probabilities of detecting cancer given a cancer frequency for a set of tumor markers within one or more regions may be used to predict which regions, alone or in combination, may be predictive of cancer. Other approaches for panel selection involve the use of databases describing information from studies employing comprehensive genomic profiling of tumors with large panels and/or whole genome sequencing (WGS, RNA-seq, Chip-seq, bisulfate sequencing, ATAC-seq, and others). Information gleaned from literature may also describe pathways commonly affected and mutated in certain cancers. Panel selection may be further informed by the use of ontologies describing genetic information. Genes included in the panel for sequencing can include the fully transcribed region, the promoter region, enhancer regions, regulatory elements, and/or downstream sequence. To further increase the likelihood of detecting tumor indicating mutations only exons may be included in the panel. The panel can comprise all exons of a selected gene, or only one or more of the exons of a selected gene. The panel may comprise of exons from each of a plurality of different genes. The panel may comprise at least one exon from each of the plurality of different genes. In some aspects, a panel of exons from each of a plurality of different genes is selected such that a determined proportion of subjects having a cancer exhibit a genetic variant in at least one exon in the panel of exons. At least one full exon from each different gene in a panel of genes may be sequenced. The sequenced panel may comprise exons from a plurality of genes. The panel may comprise exons from 2 to 100 different genes, from 2 to 70 genes, from 2 to 50 genes, from 2 to 30 genes, from 2 to 15 genes, or from 2 to 10 genes. A selected panel may comprise a varying number of exons. The panel may comprise from 2 to 3000 exons. The panel may comprise from 2 to 1000 exons. The panel may comprise from 2 to 500 exons. The panel may comprise from 2 to 100 exons. The panel may comprise from 2 to 50 exons. The panel may comprise no more than 300 exons. The panel may comprise no more than 200 exons. The panel may comprise no more than 100 exons. The panel may comprise no more than 50 exons. The panel may comprise no more than 40 exons. The panel may comprise no more than 30 exons. The panel may comprise no more than 25 exons. The panel may comprise no more than 20 exons. The panel may comprise no more than 15 exons. The panel may comprise no more than 10 exons. The panel may comprise no more than 9 exons. The panel may comprise no more than 8 exons. The panel may comprise no more than 7 exons. The panel may comprise one or more exons from a plurality of different genes. The panel may comprise one or more exons from each of a proportion of the plurality of different genes. The panel may comprise at least two exons from each of at least 25%, 50%, 75% or 90% of the different genes. The panel may comprise at least three exons from each of at least 25%, 50%, 75% or 90% of the different genes. The panel may comprise at least four exons from each of at least 25%, 50%, 75% or 90% of the different genes. The sizes of the sequencing panel may vary. A sequencing panel may be made larger or smaller (in terms of nucleotide size) depending on several factors including, for example, the total amount of nucleotides sequenced or a number of unique molecules sequenced for a particular region in the panel. The sequencing panel can be sized 5 kb to 50 kb. The sequencing panel can be 10 kb to 30 kb in size. The sequencing panel can be 12 kb to 20 kb in size. The sequencing panel can be 12 kb to 60 kb in size. The sequencing panel can be at least 10 kb, 12 kb, 15 kb, 20 kb, 25 kb, 30 kb, 35 kb, 40 kb, 45 kb, 50 kb, 60 kb, 70 kb, 80 kb, 90 kb, 100 kb, 110 kb, 120 kb, 130 kb, 140 kb, or 150 kb in size. The sequencing panel may be less than 100 kb, 90 kb, 80 kb, 70 kb, 60 kb, or 50 kb in size. The panel selected for sequencing can comprise at least 1, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, or 100 genomic locations (e.g., that each include genomic regions of interest). In some cases, the genomic locations in the panel are selected that the size of the locations are relatively small. In some cases, the regions in the panel have a size of about 10 kb or less, about 8 kb or less, about 6 kb or less, about 5 kb or less, about 4 kb or less, about 3 kb or less, about 2.5 kb or less, about 2 kb or less, about 1.5 kb or less, or about 1 kb or less or less. In some cases, the genomic locations in the panel have a size from about 0.5 kb to about 10 kb, from about 0.5 kb to about 6 kb, from about 1 kb to about 11 kb, from about 1 kb to about 15 kb, from about 1 kb to about 20 kb, from about 0.1 kb to about 10 kb, or from about 0.2 kb to about 1 kb. For example, the regions in the panel can have a size from about 0.1 kb to about 5 kb. The panel selected herein can allow for deep sequencing that is sufficient to detect low-frequency genetic variants (e.g., in cell-free nucleic acid molecules obtained from a sample). An amount of genetic variants in a sample may be referred to in terms of the mutant allele frequency for a given genetic variant. The mutant allele frequency may refer to the frequency at which mutant alleles (e.g., not the most common allele) occurs in a given population of nucleic acids, such as a sample. Genetic variants at a low mutant allele frequency may have a relatively low frequency of presence in a sample. In some cases, the panel allows for detection of genetic variants at a mutant allele frequency of at least 0.0001%, 0.001%, 0.005%, 0.01%, 0.05%, 0.1%, or 0.5%. The panel can allow for detection of genetic variants at a mutant allele frequency of 0.001% or greater. The panel can allow for detection of genetic variants at a mutant allele frequency of 0.01% or greater. The panel can allow for detection of genetic variant present in a sample at a frequency of as low as 0.0001%, 0.001%, 0.005%, 0.01%, 0.025%, 0.05%, 0.075%, 0.1%, 0.25%, 0.5%, 0.75%, or 1.0%. The panel can allow for detection of tumor markers present in a sample at a frequency of at least 0.0001%, 0.001%, 0.005%, 0.01%, 0.025%, 0.05%, 0.075%, 0.1%, 0.25%, 0.5%, 0.75%, or 1.0%. The panel can allow for detection of tumor markers at a frequency in a sample as low as 1.0%. The panel can allow for detection of tumor markers at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.75%. The panel can allow for detection of tumor markers at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.5%. The panel can allow for detection of tumor markers at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.25%. The panel can allow for detection of tumor markers at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.1%. The panel can allow for detection of tumor markers at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.075%. The panel can allow for detection of tumor markers at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.05%. The panel can allow for detection of tumor markers at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.025%. The panel can allow for detection of tumor markers at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.01%. The panel can allow for detection of tumor markers at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.005%. The panel can allow for detection of tumor markers at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.001%. The panel can allow for detection of tumor markers at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.0001%. The panel can allow for detection of tumor markers in sequenced cfDNA at a frequency in a sample as low as 1.0% to 0.0001%. The panel can allow for detection of tumor markers in sequenced cfDNA at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.01% to 0.0001%. A genetic variant can be exhibited in a percentage of a population of subjects who have a disease (e.g., cancer). In some cases, at least 1%, 2%, 3%, 5%, 10%, 20%, 30%, 40%, 50%, 60%, 70%, 80%, 90%, 95%, or 99% of a population having the cancer exhibit one or more genetic variants in at least one of the regions in the panel. For example, at least 80% of a population having the cancer may exhibit one or more genetic variants in at least one of the genomic positions in the panel. The panel can comprise one or more locations comprising genomic regions of interest from each of one or more genes. In some cases, the panel can comprise one or more locations comprising genomic regions of interest from each of at least 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, or 80 genes. In some cases, the panel can comprise one or more locations comprising genomic regions of interest from each of at most 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, or 80 genes. In some cases, the panel can comprise one or more locations comprising genomic regions of interest from each of from about 1 to about 80, from 1 to about 50, from about 3 to about 40, from 5 to about 30, from 10 to about 20 different genes. The locations comprising genomic regions in the panel can be selected so that one or more epigenetically modified regions are detected. The one or more epigenetically modified regions can be acetylated, methylated, ubiquitylated, phosphorylated, sumoylated, ribosylated, and/or citrullinated. For example, the regions in the panel can be selected so that one or more methylated regions are detected. The regions in the panel can be selected so that they comprise sequences differentially transcribed across one or more tissues. In some cases, the locations comprising genomic regions can comprise sequences transcribed in certain tissues at a higher level compared to other tissues. For example, the locations comprising genomic regions can comprise sequences transcribed in certain tissues but not in other tissues. The genomic locations in the panel can comprise coding and/or non-coding sequences. For example, the genomic locations in the panel can comprise one or more sequences in exons, introns, promoters, 3′ untranslated regions, 5′ untranslated regions, regulatory elements, transcription start sites, and/or splice sites. In some cases, the regions in the panel can comprise other non-coding sequences, including pseudogenes, repeat sequences, transposons, viral elements, and telomeres. In some cases, the genomic locations in the panel can comprise sequences in non-coding RNA, e.g., ribosomal RNA, transfer RNA, Piwi-interacting RNA, and microRNA. The genomic locations in the panel can be selected to detect (diagnose) a cancer with a desired level of sensitivity (e.g., through the detection of one or more genetic variants). For example, the regions in the panel can be selected to detect the cancer (e.g., through the detection of one or more genetic variants) with a sensitivity of at least 50%, 55%, 60%, 65%, 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, 99.5%, or 99.9%. The genomic locations in the panel can be selected to detect the cancer with a sensitivity of 100%. The genomic locations in the panel can be selected to detect (diagnose) a cancer with a desired level of specificity (e.g., through the detection of one or more genetic variants). For example, the genomic locations in the panel can be selected to detect cancer (e.g., through the detection of one or more genetic variants) with a specificity of at least 50%, 55%, 60%, 65%, 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, 99.5%, or 99.9%. The genomic locations in the panel can be selected to detect the one or more genetic variant with a specificity of 100%. The genomic locations in the panel can be selected to detect (diagnose) a cancer with a desired positive predictive value. Positive predictive value can be increased by increasing sensitivity (e.g., chance of an actual positive being detected) and/or specificity (e.g., chance of not mistaking an actual negative for a positive). As a non-limiting example, genomic locations in the panel can be selected to detect the one or more genetic variant with a positive predictive value of at least 50%, 55%, 60%, 65%, 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, 99.5%, or 99.9%. The regions in the panel can be selected to detect the one or more genetic variant with a positive predictive value of 100%. The genomic locations in the panel can be selected to detect (diagnose) a cancer with a desired accuracy. As used herein, the term “accuracy” may refer to the ability of a test to discriminate between a disease condition (e.g., cancer) and healthy condition. Accuracy may be can be quantified using measures such as sensitivity and specificity, predictive values, likelihood ratios, the area under the ROC curve, Youden's index and/or diagnostic odds ratio. Accuracy may be presented as a percentage, which refers to a ratio between the number of tests giving a correct result and the total number of tests performed. The regions in the panel can be selected to detect cancer with an accuracy of at least 50%, 55%, 60%, 65%, 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, 99.5%, or 99.9%. The genomic locations in the panel can be selected to detect cancer with an accuracy of 100%. A panel may be selected to be highly sensitive and detect low frequency genetic variants. For instance, a panel may be selected such that a genetic variant or tumor marker present in a sample at a frequency as low as 0.01%, 0.05%, or 0.001% may be detected at a sensitivity of at least 50%, 55%, 60%, 65%, 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, 99.5%, or 99.9%. Genomic locations in a panel may be selected to detect a tumor marker present at a frequency of 1% or less in a sample with a sensitivity of 70% or greater. A panel may be selected to detect a tumor marker at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.1% with a sensitivity of at least 50%, 55%, 60%, 65%, 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, 99.5%, or 99.9%. A panel may be selected to detect a tumor marker at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.01% with a sensitivity of at least 50%, 55%, 60%, 65%, 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, 99.5%, or 99.9%. A panel may be selected to detect a tumor marker at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.001% with a sensitivity of at least 50%, 55%, 60%, 65%, 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, 99.5%, or 99.9%. A panel may be selected to be highly specific and detect low frequency genetic variants. For instance, a panel may be selected such that a genetic variant or tumor marker present in a sample at a frequency as low as 0.01%, 0.05%, or 0.001% may be detected at a specificity of at least 50%, 55%, 60%, 65%, 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, 99.5%, or 99.9%. Genomic locations in a panel may be selected to detect a tumor marker present at a frequency of 1% or less in a sample with a specificity of 70% or greater. A panel may be selected to detect a tumor marker at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.1% with a specificity of at least 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, 99.5%, or 99.9%. A panel may be selected to detect a tumor marker at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.01% with a specificity of at least 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, 99.5%, or 99.9%. A panel may be selected to detect a tumor marker at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.001% with a specificity of at least 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, 99.5%, or 99.9%. A panel may be selected to be highly accurate and detect low frequency genetic variants. A panel may be selected such that a genetic variant or tumor marker present in a sample at a frequency as low as 0.01%, 0.05%, or 0.001% may be detected at an accuracy of at least 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, 99.5%, or 99.9%. Genomic locations in a panel may be selected to detect a tumor marker present at a frequency of 1% or less in a sample with an accuracy of 70% or greater. A panel may be selected to detect a tumor marker at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.1% with an accuracy of at least 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, 99.5%, or 99.9%. A panel may be selected to detect a tumor marker at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.01% with an accuracy of at least 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, 99.5%, or 99.9%. A panel may be selected to detect a tumor marker at a frequency in a sample as low as 0.001% with an accuracy of at least 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, 99.5%, or 99.9%. A panel may be selected to be highly predictive and detect low frequency genetic variants. A panel may be selected such that a genetic variant or tumor marker present in a sample at a frequency as low as 0.01%, 0.05%, or 0.001% may have a positive predictive value of at least 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, 99.5%, or 99.9%. The concentration of probes or baits used in the panel may be increased (2 to 6 ng/μL) to capture more nucleic acid molecule within a sample. The concentration of probes or baits used in the panel may be at least 2 ng/μL, 3 ng/μL, 4 ng/μL, 5 ng/μL, 6 ng/μL, or greater. The concentration of probes may be about 2 ng/μL to about 3 ng/μL, about 2 ng/μL to about 4 ng/μL, about 2 ng/μL to about 5 ng/μL, about 2 ng/μL to about 6 ng/μL. The concentration of probes or baits used in the panel may be 2 ng/μL or more to 6 ng/μL or less. In some instances this may allow for more molecules within a biological to be analyzed thereby enabling lower frequency alleles to be detected. In an embodiment, after sequencing, sequence reads may be assigned a quality score. A quality score may be a representation of sequence reads that indicates whether those sequence reads may be useful in subsequent analysis based on a threshold. In some cases, some sequence reads are not of sufficient quality or length to perform a subsequent mapping step. Sequence reads with a quality score at least 90%, 95%, 99%, 99.9%, 99.99% or 99.999% may be filtered out of a data set of sequence reads. In other cases, sequence reads assigned a quality scored at least 90%, 95%, 99%, 99.9%, 99.99% or 99.999% may be filtered out of the data set. Sequence reads that meet a specified quality score threshold may be mapped to a reference genome. After mapping alignment, sequence reads may be assigned a mapping score. A mapping score may be a representation of sequence reads mapped back to the reference sequence indicating whether each position is or is not uniquely mappable. Sequence reads with a mapping score at least 90%, 95%, 99%, 99.9%, 99.99% or 99.999% may be filtered out of the data set. In other cases, sequencing reads assigned a mapping scored less than 90%, 95%, 99%, 99.9%, 99.99% or 99.999% may be filtered out of the data set. c. MAF Determination As shown in  FIG.  1 103 104 105 106 107 108 107 108 107 108 109 109 109 103 
 
 
  
   MAF = 
    
     Number ⁢     of ⁢     mutant ⁢     molecules 
     Total ⁢     number ⁢     of ⁢     molecules A maximum MAF may be determined as the maximum or largest MAF of all somatic variants present or observed in a given sample. In some embodiments, maximum MAF can be considered as tumor fraction of a given sample. A maximum fraction of diploid genes (“max frac_diploid”) (least allele imbalance) may be determined. A fraction of diploid genes (“frac_diploid) is a measure of the level of allele imbalance across the sample as determined by copy number. Samples with high levels of allele imbalance are prone to germline/somatic misclassification. Therefore, a low level of allele imbalance (or high frac_diploid) is an indication of the reliability of the somatic classification call. In an embodiment, a total coverage profile may be used to capture fold change and thus tumor fraction, rather than individual genes. d. Variant Classification Sequencing at steps  103 104 107 108 105 106 105 106 105 106 In an embodiment, common heterozygous SNPs may be used to model local germline allele count behavior and call variants somatic if they deviate significantly from observed germline mutant allele fraction. A betabinomial model may be used as it models both the mean and variance of mutant allele counts at common SNPs. For example, the betabinomial model described in PCT/US2018/052087, hereby incorporated by reference in its entirety, can be used. This is an improvement over simpler methods like fixed MAF cutoffs or Poisson models as they may not represent the variance in molecule counts appropriately. e. Variant Filtering In an embodiment, as shown in  FIG.  1 109 105 106 105 106 105 106 107 108 107 108 107 108 In some embodiments, one or more somatic variants having MAFs that are less than about 0.1%, 0.2%, 0.3%, 0.4%, 0.5%, 0.6%, 0.7%, 0.8%, or 0.9% at the first and/or second time points may be excluded from further analysis. In some embodiments, one or more somatic variants having less than 5, 10, 15, 20, 25 or 30 mutant molecule counts at the first and/or second time points may be excluded from further analysis. In some embodiments, one or more somatic variants having a coverage less than 50, 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 600, 700, 800, 900 or 1000 at the first and/or second time points may be excluded from further analysis. In an embodiment, copy number variants may be used to exclude sequence reads from further analysis. Copy number amplifications may be determined as is known in the art. At step  109 100 By way of example, CNVs may be determined by analyzing sequence reads to generate a chromosomal region of coverage. The chromosomal regions may be divided into variable length windows or bins. Read coverage may be determined for each window/bin region. In an embodiment, a quantitative measure related to sequencing read coverage is a measure indicative of the number of reads derived from a DNA molecule corresponding to a genetic locus (e.g., a particular position, base, region, gene or chromosome from a reference genome). In order to associate reads to a genetic locus, the reads can be mapped or aligned to the reference. Software to perform mapping or aligning (e.g., Bowtie, BWA, mrsFAST, BLAST, BLAT) can associate a sequencing read with a genetic locus. After the sequence read coverage has been determined, a stochastic modeling algorithm may be applied to convert the normalized nucleic acid sequence read coverage for each window/bin region to the discrete copy number states. In some cases, this algorithm may comprise one or more of the following: Hidden Markov Model, dynamic programming, support vector machine, Bayesian network, trellis decoding, Viterbi decoding, expectation maximization, Kalman filtering methodologies and neural networks. The discrete copy number states of each window region can be utilized to identify copy number variation in the chromosomal regions. In some cases, all adjacent window/bin regions with the same copy number can be merged into a segment to report the presence or absence of copy number variation state. In some cases, various windows/bins can be filtered before they are merged with other segments. Copy number variation may be used to report a percentage score indicating how much disease material (or nucleic acids having a copy number variation) exists in a cell free polynucleotide sample. In an embodiment, the existence of CNVs in one or more genes may be used to exclude variants from further analysis. By way of example, variants having a threshold number of LDT-reportable genes with copy number >=a gene-specific 95% limit of detection (LoD) in either T 0  1  Copy number variation may indicate fold change for a given variant. A Gaussian model may be used to determine a ratio of fold changes between time T 0  1  In an embodiment, in the event the subject has no somatic variants, or has no variants that satisfy criteria of the variant filtering process, the subject may be classified as not-evaluable. In an embodiment, a subject classified as non-evaluable may be further classified as a molecular responder. In an embodiment, a subject having low ctDNA at both time T 0  1  0  1  0  1  i. Germline Filter In an embodiment, shown in  FIG.  2 200 FIG.  2 0  1 107 108 0  1 0  1 0  1 0  1 200 As shown in  FIG.  2 201 107 108 If the variant is not a deleterious variant in a TSG, the germline filter  200 202 203 107 108 203 107 108 If, at step  203 200 204 107 108 If, at step  204 200 205 200 107 108 The germline filter  200 205 200 107 108 If, at step  205 200 107 108 Those variants classified as germline may be excluded from further analysis, including for example, MAF determination and/or MR scoring. In some embodiments, variants are classified as CHIP variants when those variants are classified as CHIP in at least one patient sample. ii. CHIP Filter cfDNA can comprise an aggregate of cfDNA from any cell types including tumor, blood cell and the like. Clonal hematopoiesis of intermediate potential mutation (CHIP) may even be present in cfDNA. Common approaches for CHIP filtering leverages recurrent CHIP genes or hotspots curated by large public or internal cohort studies. However, these approaches do not address challenges in identifying random CHIP mutations in a plasma only approach. Residual unfiltered CHIP variants would bias the fractional change towards 1 (unchanged) and thus yield inaccurate subsequent molecular response prediction. To filter private CHIP variants (e.g., a variant that is CHIP but has not been documented ever or not often in previous databases of known CHIP variants), mutation measurement between two timepoints can be used to cluster variants of similar fractional change. When a patient receive treatment, progression or response will result in fractional somatic mutation while CHIP variant will remain stable. By clustering mutations into clones, random CHIP variants can be found in clones with enrichment of known CHIP list or in clones with stable fractional difference. Accordingly, provided herein is an improvement in CHIP filtering that leverages the observations between two timepoints (T 0  1 In one embodiment, the genomic mutations/variants are clustered utilizing a novel agglomerative hierarchical clustering heuristic. The heuristic quantifies the statistical dissimilarity between mutations/variants and clusters via a custom dissimilarity metric. A tunable stopping rule is utilized which continues agglomeration until a minimum (or maximum, depending upon the metric) allowable dissimilarity threshold is met. In one embodiment, the custom dissimilarity metric is a modification of the Bhattacharyya distance such that a numerical integration is performed with respect to the product (not subjected to a square root) of the scaled likelihoods of the mutations/variants and/or clusters that are under consideration to be merged at a given step of the clustering heuristic. The likelihoods are scaled to numerically integrate to 1 over the support of the integration. For SNVs and indels, the likelihood is calculated with respect to a Beta-Binomial model approximation of the observed count data that informs the MAF determination for the variants being clustered. The dispersion of the Beta-Binomial model is set via a tunable parameter. For CNVs, the likelihood is calculated with respect to a Gaussian model approximation of the observed fold change estimates of the mutations of interest, with the variability of Gaussian model also set via a tunable parameter. The agglomeration of mutations is conducted in a novel fashion such that, in some instances, clustering is performed via a tiered approach, in which a first set of mutations is clustered until the stopping rule is met and then a second set of mutations is introduced and further agglomerative steps are possibly performed according to the same dissimilarity metric and stopping rule. In some circumstances, a third set of mutations is introduced in a similar manner following the application of the clustering heuristic to the second set of mutations. In an embodiment, shown in  FIG.  3 300 301 i i mv  mv  th  i:1 obs i:1 obs i:2 obs  i:2 obs i:1 true  i:2 true  i i:2 true i:1 true  i  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 True Variant Unrestricted Model Restricted 
 Allele Estimates of Variant Estimates of Variant 
 Time Fraction Allele Fraction Allele Fraction 
 
 
 T 0 υ i:1 true v i:1 obs  i:1 obs i:1 obs υ i:1  i:1 obs 
 T 1 υ i:2 true v i:2 obs  i:2 obs i:2 obs υ i:2  i i:1 obs 
 P i i 
 P i R i =r i c i f i:1 m i:1 obs ,n i:1 obs f i:2 m i:2 obs ,n i:2 obs ,m i:1 obs ,n i:1 obs ,r i 
 
 f i:1 m i:1 obs ,n i:1 obs x=m i:1 obs ,N=n i:1 obs ,p=v i:1 obs 
 
 f i:2 m i:2 obs ,n i:2 obs ,m i:1 obs ,n i:1 obs ,r i x=m i:2 obs ,N=n i:2 obs ,p=r i v i:1 obs 
 c i  i i i i  Approximate confidence intervals can be calculated for R i  i i i i  i  At step  302 i i mv i′ i′ i* i* i i At step  303 FIG.  4 300 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 403 403 401 402 401 401 402 In an embodiment, shown in  FIG.  5 500 501 500 502 f. MR Score Returning to  FIG.  1 100 110 109 105 106 0  1  FIG.  6 600 600 601 602 
 
 
  
   
    ∑ 
     ( 
      weight * ratio ) 
    ∑ weights where weight is 1/range{circumflex over ( )}2 for a given somatic variant in the plurality of somatic variants, where range is a difference between values of the first and second MAFs for a given somatic variant in the plurality of somatic variants, and ratio is a given MAF ratio in the set of MAF ratios. A confidence interval may be determined using the formula: weighted mean of the MAF ratios+/−√{square root over (ratio variance)},
 
 
 
  
   
    1 
     ∑ weights . In an embodiment, in addition to, or as an alternative to, the weighted mean of MAF ratios as an MR score, a method is disclosed that clusters variants based on MAF ratios, calculates an aggregate MAF ratio for the cluster, and then uses as the MR score either a single selected cluster ratio or the weighted mean of the cluster ratios. The clustering may be performed by combining pairs of variants with overlapping MAF ratio distributions, or other clustering methods. The single selected cluster may be that which contains a known cancer driver variant, or absence of known clonal hematopoiesis variants. Cluster weights may also depend on the presence of a known cancer driver variant or the maximum VAF or number of variants in the cluster. As shown in  FIG.  6 610 610 601 612 
 R=A/B R B A{circumflex over ( )} A B{circumflex over ( )} A{circumflex over ( )} where A and B are the weighted mean MAF at timepoint 1 and timepoint 2 respectively. Clusters may be weighted based on the strength of evidence. For example, the max-VAF may indicate which is the primary clone, the number of non-CHIP variants may weight the cluster with the stronger signal; the driver weight may increase weight or select the cluster that contains the driver for that particular cancer type or molecular subtype. The weighting applied may be, for example, applying a greater weight to variants known to be drivers in the specific cancer type or molecular subtype. In an embodiment, weights may be based on max-VAF (either sample), number of non-CHIP variants, and/or driver weight (tumor-type-specific; defined in configuration file). In another embodiment, the weighting applied may be, for example, weighting somatic variants equally. In an embodiment, classification as a molecular responder or a molecular non-responder may depend on the variant VAFs and variant weights. For example, if the MR score is the ratio of mean VAFs, then the higher VAF (i.e., more clonal variant) is likely to dominate. If the MR score uses variant weights, then the variant with the higher weight (e.g., driver variant) might dominate. The resulting weighted mean of the MAF ratios as described in  FIG.  6 FIG.  6 To provide a simple example to illustrate aspects of the problem that the MR scoring methods presented herein address, consider a subject with one variant detected, with an MAF of 0.3% at baseline (T 0 1 
 
 
  
   
    
     0.1 % 
     0.3 % = 
    3 ⁢ 3 ⁢ 
     % . For a cutoff to define “molecular responder” vs “molecular non-responder” of 50%, this subject would be a “molecular responder.” However, propagating the variance according to the methods described herein results in a molecular response score with an expected value of ˜30-40%, but a 95% confidence interval of 0-120%. Therefore, for this subject, the molecular response should be considered not evaluable, because it cannot be confidently assessed whether the MR score is truly below or above the 50% cutoff. To provide a simple example to illustrate aspects of the problem that the MR scoring methods presented herein address, consider a subject with two variants (a and b) detected, with MAFs of a=0.1% and b=8.0% at baseline (T 0 1 
 
 
  
   
    ( 
     
      
       0.3 % 
       0.1 % , 
      
       
        8 . 0 ⁢ % 
       2. % ) = 
    1 ⁢ 6 ⁢ 3 ⁢ 
     % . For a cutoff to define “molecular responder” vs “molecular non-responder” of 50%, this subject would be a “molecular non-responder.” However, using the ratio of means according to the methods described herein the molecular response score would be 
 
 
  
   
    
     mean ⁢     
      ( 
       
        0.3 % , 
        2. % ) 
     mean ⁢     
      ( 
       
        0.1 % , 
        8. % ) = 
    28 ⁢ 
     % . Therefore, for this subject, the molecular response should be considered “molecular responder.” To provide a simple example to illustrate aspects of the problem that the MR scoring methods presented herein address, consider a subject with two variants (a and b) detected, with MAFs of a=0.3% and b=0.0% at baseline (T 0 1 
 
 
  
   
    
     0. % 
     
      0 . 3 ⁢ % = 
    0 ⁢ 
     % . For a cutoff to define “molecular responder” vs “molecular non-responder” of 50%, this subject would be a “molecular responder.” However, including variants that arise on-treatment, the molecular response score would be 
 
 
  
   
    
     mean ⁢     
      ( 
       
        0.3 % , 
        0. % ) 
     mean ⁢     
      ( 
       
        0. % , 
        0.3 % ) = 
    100 ⁢ 
     % . Therefore, for this subject, the molecular response should be considered “molecular non-responder.” The method  100 100 100 100 100 In other exemplary embodiments, variance is incorporated into the molecular response calculation through simulation or sampling from the variance distribution of at least one variant to calculate the molecular response variance. As further disclosed herein, some applications include weighting variants based on their importance in the tumor or likelihood of tumor vs clonal hematopoeisis. Some embodiments involve integrating multiple genomic data sources to estimate tumor fraction (instead of just relying on variant (e.g., SNV, Indel and Fusion) VAFs), coverage (e.g., copy number), off-target coverage, and/or methylation, among other genomic data sources. In some embodiments, the methods include using one or more additional genomic data sources to determine the molecular response score for the subject having the cancer. In some embodiments, the additional genomic data sources comprise one or more of: a coverage, an off-target coverage, an epigenetic signature, tumor mutational burden and/or a microsatellite instability score. For a data source, there can be a calculation of tumor fraction based on that data source, and the calculated tumor fraction may be combined across data sources (for example using a weighted mean, incorporating the confidence of a data source in the tumor fraction for that particular sample), and then the overall tumor fraction estimate in a sample may be combined to calculate an overall molecular response. In some embodiments, the epigenetic signature comprises a cfNA fragment length, position, and/or endpoint density distribution. In some embodiments, the epigenetic signature comprises an epigenetic state or status exhibited by one or more epigenetic loci in a given targeted genomic region. In some embodiments, the epigenetic state or status comprises a presence or absence of methylation, hydroxymethylation, acetylation, ubiquitylation, phosphorylation, sumoylation, ribosylation, citrullination, and/or a histone post-translational modification or other histone variation. While the present methods are described in the context of  FIG.  1 0  1 FIG.  7 0 1 0 1  0 100 0 1 n 1  2 1  2 1  2 In an embodiment, a dosage of a therapy being administered to the subject may be adjusted based on the molecular response score. For example, the molecular response score may indicate that the subject is not responding to a first treatment and the dosage of the first treatment may be increased in response. In an embodiment, an alternative therapy may be identified based on the molecular response score. For example, the molecular response score may indicate that the subject is not responding to a first treatment and the subject may then be placed on a second treatment in place of, or in addition to, the first treatment. In an embodiment, a molecular response score may be determined for subjects in a clinical trial, wherein molecular response scores may be determined for subjects receiving a placebo and for subjects receiving treatment. The molecular response scores of the two categories of subjects may be compared to assess the treatment. In another example, placebo and treatment may be generalized to two arms of a clinical trial comparing different combinations of drugs. The threshold or cutoff may be specific to the use case: the use case may require clearance (MR=0) or the use case may require a certain level of decrease or increase of ctDNA level. FIG.  8 0 1 FIG.  9 0 1 FIG.  10 0 Aspects of these methods are further illustrated in  FIG.  11 1100 1101 1100 1102 1100 1103 In some embodiments, method  1100 1100 1100 1100 In some embodiments, method  1100 1100 1100 1100 In some embodiments, the methods disclosed herein include generating the sequence information from nucleic acid molecules obtained from one or more tissues or cells in the sample. In some embodiments, the methods disclosed herein include generating the sequence information from cell-free nucleic acids (cfNAs) in the samples obtained from the subject. In some embodiments, the cfNAs comprise circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA). In some embodiments, the ratio comprises the second MAF to the first MAF for a variant in the plurality of variants. In some embodiments, method  1100 
 where weight is 1/range 2  1100 In some embodiments, the variants comprise one or more single-nucleotide variants (SNV), insertion/deletion mutations (indels), gene amplifications, and/or gene fusions. In some embodiments, method  1100 To further illustrate,  FIG.  12 1200 1200 1201 1200 1202 1203 1200 1204 FIG.  12 1210 1210 1211 1210 1212 1210 1213 1210 1210 1212 1213 1210 1212 1213 1210 1214 Typically, the methods of determining molecular response scores include filtering out CHIP variants. For example, molecular response is typically measured by allele frequency of genomic alternations (e.g., small variants between two time points) to represent tumor fractional change. Given that cfDNA signal is an aggregation of signal from essentially any cell types, including tumor, blood cell, and the like, numerous studies have shown the presence of clonal hematopoiesis of intermediate potential (CHIP) variants in cfDNA samples. Common approaches for CHIP filtering frequently leverage recurrent CHIP genes or hotspots curated by various data sources. However, it is yet a challenge to identify random CHIP mutations with a plasma only approach. Residual unfiltered CHIP variants typically bias the fractional change towards 1 (unchanged) and thus yield inaccurate molecular response prediction or scores. Accordingly, in some embodiments, the methods disclosed herein use a model to leverage the observations between two time points to cluster genomic mutations in clones with separate fractional change. To group mutations, these approaches typically leverage the variant allele count and total count for a variant from the two time points and build a probability density function for tumor fraction change R as P(R). As a further illustration,  FIG.  13 1300 1301 1300 1302 1303 1304 In other aspect, this disclosure provides methods of identifying and excluding germline variants, or otherwise resolving somatic classification discrepancies when determining molecular response scores. For example, one problem is that samples collected over the course of a patient's treatment course typically have differing levels of tumor shedding and allele imbalance, meaning that a somatic variant caller of a given bioinformatics pipeline will sometimes arrive at differing somatic classifications for the same variant in the same patient. Since an aim of molecular response determinations is to track the somatic variants over the course of treatment, any classification discrepancies should be resolved to properly remove germline variants from consideration. To illustrate,  FIG.  14 1400 1401 1400 1400 1400 1400 1400 FIG.  15 1500 1501 1500 1502 1503 1504 1505 1506 1502 FIG.  2 1503 1504 1505 FIG.  16 1600 1601 1600 1602 1603 1604 1605 1606 1602 FIG.  2 1603 1604 1605 FIG.  17 1700 1701 1700 1702 1703 1704 1705 1706 1707 1703 FIG.  2 1705 1706 FIG.  18 1800 1801 1800 1802 1803 1804 1805 1806 1807 1802 FIG.  2 1804 1805 1806 1807 FIG.  19 1900 1901 1900 1902 1903 1904 1905 1906 1907 1908 1909 1910 1911 1912 1902 1903 FIG.  2 1906 1907 1908 1909 1910 1911 FIG.  20 2000 2001 2000 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2002 2003 FIG.  2 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 III. Cancer and Other Diseases In certain embodiments, the methods and aspects disclosed herein are used for longitudinal monitoring of patients with a given disease, disorder or condition. The methods disclosed may be used to track the response of a patient to one or more treatments over time. Typically, the disease under consideration is a type of cancer. Non-limiting examples of such cancers include biliary tract cancer, bladder cancer, transitional cell carcinoma, urothelial carcinoma, brain cancer, gliomas, astrocytomas, breast carcinoma, metaplastic carcinoma, cervical cancer, cervical squamous cell carcinoma, rectal cancer, colorectal carcinoma, colon cancer, hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer, colorectal adenocarcinomas, gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GISTs), endometrial carcinoma, endometrial stromal sarcomas, esophageal cancer, esophageal squamous cell carcinoma, esophageal adenocarcinoma, ocular melanoma, uveal melanoma, gallbladder carcinomas, gallbladder adenocarcinoma, renal cell carcinoma, clear cell renal cell carcinoma, transitional cell carcinoma, urothelial carcinomas, Wilms tumor, leukemia, acute lymphocytic leukemia (ALL), acute myeloid leukemia (AML), chronic lymphocytic (CLL), chronic myeloid (CIVIL), chronic myelomonocytic (CMML), liver cancer, liver carcinoma, hepatoma, hepatocellular carcinoma, cholangiocarcinoma, hepatoblastoma, Lung cancer, non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), mesothelioma, B-cell lymphomas, non-Hodgkin lymphoma, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, Mantle cell lymphoma, T cell lymphomas, non-Hodgkin lymphoma, precursor T-lymphoblastic lymphoma/leukemia, peripheral T cell lymphomas, multiple myeloma, nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC), neuroblastoma, oropharyngeal cancer, oral cavity squamous cell carcinomas, osteosarcoma, ovarian carcinoma, pancreatic cancer, pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, pseudopapillary neoplasms, acinar cell carcinomas. Prostate cancer, prostate adenocarcinoma, skin cancer, melanoma, malignant melanoma, cutaneous melanoma, small intestine carcinomas, stomach cancer, gastric carcinoma, gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST), uterine cancer, or uterine sarcoma. Non-limiting examples of other genetic-based diseases, disorders, or conditions that are optionally evaluated using the methods and systems disclosed herein include achondroplasia, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, antiphospholipid syndrome, autism, autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease, Charcot-Marie-Tooth (CMT), cri du chat, Crohn's disease, cystic fibrosis, Dercum disease, down syndrome, Duane syndrome, Duchenne muscular dystrophy, Factor V Leiden thrombophilia, familial hypercholesterolemia, familial mediterranean fever, fragile X syndrome, Gaucher disease, hemochromatosis, hemophilia, holoprosencephaly, Huntington's disease, Klinefelter syndrome, Marfan syndrome, myotonic dystrophy, neurofibromatosis, Noonan syndrome, osteogenesis imperfecta, Parkinson's disease, phenylketonuria, Poland anomaly,  porphyria IV. Customized Therapies and Related Administrations In some embodiments, the methods disclosed herein relate to identifying and administering therapies to patients having a given disease, disorder or condition. Essentially any cancer therapy (e.g., surgical therapy, radiation therapy, chemotherapy, and/or the like) is included as part of these methods. In certain embodiments, the therapy administered to a subject may comprise at least one chemotherapy drug. In some embodiments, the chemotherapy drug may comprise alkylating agents (for example, but not limited to, Chlorambucil, Cyclophosphamide, Cisplatin and Carboplatin), nitrosoureas (for example, but not limited to, Carmustine and Lomustine), anti-metabolites (for example, but not limited to, Fluorauracil, Methotrexate and Fludarabine), plant alkaloids and natural products (for example, but not limited to, Vincristine, Paclitaxel and Topotecan), anti-tumor antibiotics (for example, but not limited to, Bleomycin, Doxorubicin and Mitoxantrone), hormonal agents (for example, but not limited to, Prednisone, Dexamethasone, Tamoxifen and Leuprolide) and biological response modifiers (for example, but not limited to, Herceptin and Avastin, Erbitux and Rituxan). In some embodiments, the chemotherapy administered to a subject may comprise FOLFOX or FOLFIRI. In certain embodiments, a therapy may be administered to a subject that comprises at least one PARP inhibitor. In certain embodiments, the PARP inhibitor may include OLAPARIB, TALAZOPARIB, RUCAPARIB, NIRAPARIB (trade name ZEJULA), among others. Typically, therapies include at least one immunotherapy (or an immunotherapeutic agent). Immunotherapy refers generally to methods of enhancing an immune response against a given cancer type. In certain embodiments, immunotherapy refers to methods of enhancing a T cell response against a tumor or cancer. In some embodiments, the immunotherapy or immunotherapeutic agents targets an immune checkpoint molecule. Certain tumors are able to evade the immune system by co-opting an immune checkpoint pathway. Thus, targeting immune checkpoints has emerged as an effective approach for countering a tumor's ability to evade the immune system and activating anti-tumor immunity against certain cancers. Pardoll, Nature Reviews Cancer, 2012, 12:252-264. In certain embodiments, the immune checkpoint molecule is an inhibitory molecule that reduces a signal involved in the T cell response to antigen. For example, CTLA4 is expressed on T cells and plays a role in downregulating T cell activation by binding to CD80 (aka B7.1) or CD86 (aka B7.2) on antigen presenting cells. PD-1 is another inhibitory checkpoint molecule that is expressed on T cells. PD-1 limits the activity of T cells in peripheral tissues during an inflammatory response. In addition, the ligand for PD-1 (PD-L1 or PD-L2) is commonly upregulated on the surface of many different tumors, resulting in the downregulation of anti-tumor immune responses in the tumor microenvironment. In certain embodiments, the inhibitory immune checkpoint molecule is CTLA4 or PD-1. In other embodiments, the inhibitory immune checkpoint molecule is a ligand for PD-1, such as PD-L1 or PD-L2. In other embodiments, the inhibitory immune checkpoint molecule is a ligand for CTLA4, such as CD80 or CD86. In other embodiments, the inhibitory immune checkpoint molecule is lymphocyte activation gene 3 (LAG3), killer cell immunoglobulin like receptor (KIR), T cell membrane protein 3 galectin 9 (GAL9), or adenosine A2a receptor (A2aR). Antagonists that target these immune checkpoint molecules can be used to enhance antigen-specific T cell responses against certain cancers. Accordingly, in certain embodiments, the immunotherapy or immunotherapeutic agent is an antagonist of an inhibitory immune checkpoint molecule. In certain embodiments, the inhibitory immune checkpoint molecule is PD-1. In certain embodiments, the inhibitory immune checkpoint molecule is PD-L1. In certain embodiments, the antagonist of the inhibitory immune checkpoint molecule is an antibody (e.g., a monoclonal antibody). In certain embodiments, the antibody or monoclonal antibody is an anti-CTLA4, anti-PD-1, anti-PD-L1, or anti-PD-L2 antibody. In certain embodiments, the antibody is a monoclonal anti-PD-1 antibody. In some embodiments, the antibody is a monoclonal anti-PD-L1 antibody. In certain embodiments, the monoclonal antibody is a combination of an anti-CTLA4 antibody and an anti-PD-1 antibody, an anti-CTLA4 antibody and an anti-PD-L1 antibody, or an anti-PD-L1 antibody and an anti-PD-1 antibody. In certain embodiments, the anti-PD-1 antibody is one or more of pembrolizumab (Keytruda®) or nivolumab (Opdivo®). In certain embodiments, the anti-CTLA4 antibody is ipilimumab (Yervoy®). In certain embodiments, the anti-PD-L1 antibody is one or more of atezolizumab (Tecentriq®), avelumab (Bavencio®), or durvalumab (Imfinzi®). In certain embodiments, the immunotherapy or immunotherapeutic agent is an antagonist (e.g. antibody) against CD80, CD86, LAG3, KIR, TIM3, GAL9, or A2aR. In other embodiments, the antagonist is a soluble version of the inhibitory immune checkpoint molecule, such as a soluble fusion protein comprising the extracellular domain of the inhibitory immune checkpoint molecule and an Fc domain of an antibody. In certain embodiments, the soluble fusion protein comprises the extracellular domain of CTLA4, PD-1, PD-L1, or PD-L2. In some embodiments, the soluble fusion protein comprises the extracellular domain of CD80, CD86, LAG3, KIR, TIM3, GALS, or A2aR. In one embodiment, the soluble fusion protein comprises the extracellular domain of PD-L2 or LAG3. In certain embodiments, the immune checkpoint molecule is a co-stimulatory molecule that amplifies a signal involved in a T cell response to an antigen. For example, CD28 is a co-stimulatory receptor expressed on T cells. When a T cell binds to antigen through its T cell receptor, CD28 binds to CD80 (aka B7.1) or CD86 (aka B7.2) on antigen-presenting cells to amplify T cell receptor signaling and promote T cell activation. Because CD28 binds to the same ligands (CD80 and CD86) as CTLA4, CTLA4 is able to counteract or regulate the co-stimulatory signaling mediated by CD28. In certain embodiments, the immune checkpoint molecule is a co-stimulatory molecule selected from CD28, inducible T cell co-stimulator (ICOS), CD137, OX40, or CD27. In other embodiments, the immune checkpoint molecule is a ligand of a co-stimulatory molecule, including, for example, CD80, CD86, B7RP1, B7-H3, B7-H4, CD137L, OX40L, or CD70. Agonists that target these co-stimulatory checkpoint molecules can be used to enhance antigen-specific T cell responses against certain cancers. Accordingly, in certain embodiments, the immunotherapy or immunotherapeutic agent is an agonist of a co-stimulatory checkpoint molecule. In certain embodiments, the agonist of the co-stimulatory checkpoint molecule is an agonist antibody and preferably is a monoclonal antibody. In certain embodiments, the agonist antibody or monoclonal antibody is an anti-CD28 antibody. In other embodiments, the agonist antibody or monoclonal antibody is an anti-ICOS, anti-CD137, anti-OX40, or anti-CD27 antibody. In other embodiments, the agonist antibody or monoclonal antibody is an anti-CD80, anti-CD86, anti-B7RP1, anti-B7-H3, anti-B7-H4, anti-CD137L, anti-OX40L, or anti-CD70 antibody. Therapeutic options for treating specific genetic-based diseases, disorders, or conditions, other than cancer, are generally well-known to those of ordinary skill in the art and will be apparent given the particular disease, disorder, or condition under consideration. In certain embodiments, the customized therapies described herein are typically administered parenterally (e.g., intravenously or subcutaneously). Pharmaceutical compositions containing the immunotherapeutic agent are typically administered intravenously. Certain therapeutic agents are administered orally. However, customized therapies (e.g., immunotherapeutic agents, etc.) may also be administered by any method known in the art, including, for example, buccal, sublingual, rectal, vaginal, intraurethral, topical, intraocular, intranasal, and/or intraauricular, which administration may include tablets, capsules, granules, aqueous suspensions, gels, sprays, suppositories, salves, ointments, or the like. V. Systems and Computer Readable Media The present disclosure also provides various systems and computer program products or machine readable media. In some embodiments, for example, the methods described herein are optionally performed or facilitated at least in part using systems, distributed computing hardware and applications (e.g., cloud computing services), electronic communication networks, communication interfaces, computer program products, machine readable media, electronic storage media, software (e.g., machine-executable code or logic instructions) and/or the like. To illustrate,  FIG.  21 2100 2102 2104 1506 2114 2116 2102 2112 2114 2116 2102 2112 2100 1508 2106 2102 2102 2114 2116 2100 2110 2102 2100 2102 2110 As understood by those of ordinary skill in the art, memory  2106 2102 2102 2102 FIG.  21 2100 2114 2116 2112 As further understood by those of ordinary skill in the art, exemplary program product or machine readable medium  2108 2108 As further understood by those of ordinary skill in the art, the term “computer-readable medium” or “machine-readable medium” refers to any medium that participates in providing instructions to a processor for execution. To illustrate, the term “computer-readable medium” or “machine-readable medium” encompasses distribution media, cloud computing formats, intermediate storage media, execution memory of a computer, and any other medium or device capable of storing program product  2108 Program product  2108 2108 To further illustrate, in certain embodiments, this application provides systems that include one or more processors, and one or more memory components in communication with the processor. The memory component typically includes one or more instructions that, when executed, cause the processor to provide information that causes sequence information, epigenetic information, classifier scores, cfDNA property data, cfDNA fragment distribution set data, test results, control or comparator results, customized therapies, and/or the like to be displayed (e.g., via communication devices  2114 2116 2114 2116 In some embodiments, program product  2108 2104 System  2100 2102 2112 2102 2112 2114 In some embodiments, for example, additional system components include sample preparation component  2118 2112 2102 2118 2118 In certain embodiments, system  2100 2120 2112 2102 2120 2120 System  2100 2122 2112 2102 2122 2122 2122 2122 2122 To facilitate complete or partial system automation, system  2100 2124 2112 2102 2124 2122 2118 2120 Additional details relating to computer systems and networks, databases, and computer program products are also provided in, for example, Peterson, Computer Networks: A Systems Approach, Morgan Kaufmann, 5th Ed. (2011), Kurose, Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, Pearson, 7th Ed. (2016), Elmasri, Fundamentals of Database Systems, Addison Wesley, 6th Ed. (2010), Coronel, Database Systems: Design, Implementation, & Management, Cengage Learning, 11th Ed. (2014), Tucker, Programming Languages, McGraw-Hill Science/Engineering/Math, 2nd Ed. (2006), and Rhoton, Cloud Computing Architected: Solution Design Handbook, Recursive Press (2011), which are each incorporated by reference in their entirety. VI. Examples A. Example 1: Comparison of Molecular Response Calculations for Prediction of Patient Outcome 1. Background Molecular response (MR) estimated as a change in circulating tumor (ctDNA) load between an early on treatment sample (usually 2-9 weeks post treatment start) and pre-treatment baseline has been shown to predict patient response and outcomes across solid tumors and therapy types in many retrospective studies. There is no consensus, however, regarding the best method for assessing molecular response. Therefore, we aimed to assess several molecular response calculations and determine the optimal method for predicting outcomes in individual advanced cancer patients. 2. Method Aggregate results of >4,000 patient sample pairs (3-10 weeks apart), >1000 patient sample technical replicates, >100 contrived sample dilutions, and in silico simulations were analyzed using cfDNA NGS assay clinical platform (Guardant Health, Inc., Redwood City, Calif., USA). Baseline and on-treatment paired patient samples were collected from advanced cancer patients with over 12 tumor types, including lung, colon, and breast. MR calculations included variant allele fractions (VAFs) of somatic SNVs, indels and fusions. Methods were compared, including Ratio of Maximum VAF (RmaxVAF), Ratio of Mean VAF (RmVAF), and Mean of VAF Ratios (mVAF). Analytical accuracy, reproducibility and limit of detection (LoD) were assessed. 3. Results Comparison of methods for calculating net change in ctDNA load on >1500 sample pairs showed high correlation (p ranged from 0.93 to 0.98) and categorical agreement split by the median (93%). Therefore selecting an optimal method based on outcome prediction would require prohibitively large patient cohorts. Analytical evaluation and in silico simulations can predict the behavior of each method. Simulations of changes in tumor fraction of real pre-treatment samples found that RmVAF or RmaxVAF are more accurate than mVAFR, which can be skewed by low VAF ratios. Almost 25% of sample pairs have a tumor driver or resistance mutation that is not the maxVAF, suggesting tumor dynamics are better captured by mVAF than maxVAF. Newly-detected on-treatment variants can be an important signal of rising ctDNA levels, impacting MR in approximately 2% of sample pairs. Importantly, MR accuracy for all methods decreases as maxVAF approaches or falls below the variant LoD, due to both stochastic detection and higher CV of variants at low VAF. Thus the assay variant LoD is a key determinant of the fraction of patients who can receive MR evaluation. Technical replicates identified the variant criteria at which a 50% change in tumor fraction differs significantly from technical variation, and could define analytical reporting limits. 4. Conclusions Comparison of MR methods in a large set of patient samples and simulations supports RmVAF with inclusion of newly-detected mutations. B. Example 2 1. Introduction Molecular response (MR) is an assessment of the change in circulating tumor (ctDNA) load early on-treatment (usually 3-10 weeks) in comparison to pre-treatment baseline. In many retrospective studies, molecular response was associated with patient response to therapy and long term outcomes across solid tumors and therapy types. Molecular response has also been shown to predict clinical response earlier than radiographic and/or RECIST response. Multiple methods have been used to calculate molecular response and there is no consensus regarding which method is best. In this example, several molecular response calculations were assessed and the optimal method for predicting outcomes in individual advanced cancer patients were determined. 2. Methods Paired samples from >1,500 patient plasma samples spaced 3-10 weeks apart were processed using cfDNA NGS assay clinical platform (Guardant Health, Inc., Redwood City, Calif., USA), with median unique coverage of 4600 molecules sequenced to 20,000× read depth. Somatic and germline SNVs, small indels, and fusions were subset to a 74-cancer associated gene panel space to mimic clinical applications of Molecular Response. >140 patient sample technical replicates were processed on either panel and subsetted to the 74-gene panel space. Three previously published molecular response methods were assessed (see Table 3). 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 3 
 
 Ratio of max VAFs Ratio of mean VAFs Mean of VAF ratios 
 R(maxVAF) R(mVAF) m(rVAF) 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
    max ( 
     VAF ⁢     treatment ) 
    max ( 
     VAF ⁢     baseline ) 
 
 
  
   
    mean ( 
     VAF ⁢     treatment ) 
    mean ( 
     VAF ⁢     baseline ) 
 
 
  
   mean [ 
    
     
      VAF 
       1 ⁢ … ⁢ x ⁢ treatment 
     
      VAF 
       1 ⁢ … ⁢ x ⁢ baseline ] 
 3. Results i. Molecular Response Calculation Captures Changes in ctDNA VAFs of SNVs, Indels, and Fusions FIG.  22 ii. Resolution of Somatic Classification with Paired Samples Improves Tumor Signal FIG.  23 Table 4 shows an example of resolution of somatic classification discrepancies between patient samples improves variant accuracy. Somatic classification discrepancies in patient sample pairs were resolved by an algorithm based on variant characteristics. Accuracy was assessed against manual resolution by subject matter experts. 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 4 
 
 Accuracy of Prior to After resolution, After resolution, 
 classification resolution VAF-based MR algorithm 
 
 
 Variant-level 99.2% 99.3% 99.8% 
 Patient-level       
 iii. Variants are Included in Molecular Response Calculation Based on Detection and VAF Precision FIG.  24 FIG.  24 FIG.  24 FIG.  24 FIG.  24 FIG.  24 FIG.  24 FIG.  24 iv. Molecular Response is Largely Consistent Between Methods but R(mVAF) is More Robust Across Patients FIG.  25 FIG.  25 FIG.  25 v. Patients with Low Signal of ctDNA Level Change are Identified as not Evaluable for Molecular Response FIG.  26 FIG.  26 FIG.  26 FIG.  26 Sample pairs are not evaluable for molecular response using VAF-based methods if there are no somatic variants (approx. 7% of patients), or no somatic variants meeting inclusion criteria (16%). In addition, certainty in molecular response score is calculated theoretically using statistical model of VAF precision. Sample pairs exceeding the acceptable limit of uncertainty (black line) are not evaluable for MR (3%). This results in approx 74% of sample pairs evaluable for MR. vi. Range of Molecular Response Scores in Clinical Patient Samples Reflect Strong Biological Signal In clinical patient sample pairs, molecular response distribution shows a range of scores from 100% Decrease to >100% Increase ( FIG.  27 Technical replicates provide null molecular response distribution peaked at 0% change ( FIG.  27 4. Conclusions Each component of molecular response calculation is important for accurate assessment of MR, including germline and low-precision variant filtering, overall formulation, and evaluable criteria. Comparison of molecular response methods in a large set of patient samples and simulations supports ratio of mean VAF with inclusion of newly-detected mutations. C. Example 3 FIG.  28 All patents, patent applications, websites, other publications or documents, accession numbers and the like cited herein are incorporated by reference in their entirety for all purposes to the same extent as if each individual item were specifically and individually indicated to be so incorporated by reference. If different versions of a sequence are associated with an accession number at different times, the version associated with the accession number at the effective filing date of this application is meant. The effective filing date means the earlier of the actual filing date or filing date of a priority application referring to the accession number, if applicable. Likewise if different versions of a publication, website or the like are published at different times, the version most recently published at the effective filing date of the application is meant, unless otherwise indicated. Those skilled in the art will recognize, or be able to ascertain using no more than routine experimentation, many equivalents to the specific embodiments of the method and compositions described herein. Such equivalents are intended to be encompassed by the following claims. 
 
 1 46 
 47 (a) determining whether the subject has a molecular response score below a predetermined cutoff point, indicating that the subject is likely a responder to the therapeutic agent, by:
 i. obtaining or having obtained a biological sample from the subject, wherein the biological sample comprises cell-free DNA (cfDNA); and ii. performing or having performed a diagnostic assay on the biological sample to determine the molecular response score of the subject, wherein the diagnostic assay comprises:
 a. determining a first plurality of sequence reads and a second plurality of sequence reads associated with a subject having a cancer or suspected of having cancer, wherein the first plurality of sequence reads are determined at a first time point before administering a therapeutic agent and the second plurality of sequence reads are determined at a second time point after administering the therapy; b. classifying a plurality of variants in the first plurality of sequence reads and the second plurality of sequence reads as somatic or germline; c. determining, for at least one variant of the plurality of variants classified as somatic, based on a first mutant allele fraction (MAF) at the first time point and a second MAF at the second time point, a first central tendency measure of the first MAFs and a second central tendency measure of the second MAFs; d. determining a ratio based on the first central tendency measure at the first time point and the second central tendency measure at the second time point; e. determining a molecular response score from the ratio of the first central tendency measure at the first time point to the second central tendency measure at the second time point; f. determining the subject is likely responder to the therapeutic agent when the molecular response score is below the predetermined cutoff point likely a responder to the therapeutic agent; and (b) if the subject is determined to be likely responder, continue administering the therapeutic agent to treat the subject. 
 48 claim 47 
 49 claim 47 
 50 claim 49 
 51 claim 47 
 52 claim 47 
 53 claim 47 
 54 claim 47 
 55 claim 47 
 56 claim 47 
 57 claim 47 
 58 claim 57 
 59 claim 58 
 60 claim 58 
 61 claim 60 
 62 claim 47 
 63 claim 47 
 64 claim 63 
 65 claim 47 
 66 claim 47 
 Provided herein are methods of determining a molecular response score. The molecular response score may be used to monitor and guide administration of treatment to a subject.


 CROSS-REFERENCE This application is a Continuation of U.S. application Ser. No. 15/746,395, filed Jan. 19, 2018, which is a National Phase Entry of PCT/US2016/043430, filed Jul. 21, 2016, which claims priority to U.S. Provisional Patent Application No. 62/195,280, filed Jul. 21, 2015, all of which are entirely incorporated herein by reference. BACKGROUND Gene fusion events are chromosomal rearrangements that bring together formerly separate portions of at least two genes in a genome. Gene fusion events can result in cancer fusion genes, where the aberrant juxtaposition of two or more genes can encode a fusion protein, or the regulatory elements of one gene can drive the aberrant expression of an oncogene. Detecting such cancer fusion genes can be difficult. Breakpoint fragments are less likely to hybridize to probes to the same extent as fragments that do not contain breakpoints. Therefore, hybridization methods for enrichment of breakpoint fragments can lack efficacy. Fusion genes are a form of somatic mutation found in cancer cells. The ability to detect such fusion genes is useful in the diagnosis and monitoring of cancer. Fusion genes known to be found in cancer include, for example, the following: APIP/SLC1A2 in colon cancer, ATG7/RAF1 in pancreatic cancer, BCL6/RAF1 in astrocytoma, BCR-ABL in chronic myeloid leukemia, BRD4-NUT in midline carcinomas, CEP85L/ROS1 in angiosarcoma, CLTC/VMP1 in breast cancer, ELM4-ALK in lung cancer, EWSR1/CREM in in melanoma, FAM133B/CDK6 in T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia, KIAA1549-BRAF (at 7q34) in low-grade astrocytoma, MECT1-MAML2 in mucoepidermoid carcinoma, PAX8-PPARG in follicular thyroid carcinoma, RET-NTRK1 in papillary thyroid carcinoma, SEC16A-NOTCH1 in breast cancers, SRGAP3—RAF1 (at 3p25) in low-grade astrocytoma, TFE3-TFEB in kidney cancer. Breakpoints can occur at many different locations in a gene involved in gene fusion. Such breakpoint may be clustered at certain parts of the gene. One method of detecting gene fusions is by FISH (fluorescent in situ hybridization). Another is by deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) sequencing. SUMMARY Recognized herein is the need for methods to enrich breakpoint fragments in order to detect and characterize cancer fusion genes. The present disclosure provides methods to detect fusion genes, which may be used to detect a disease, such as cancer. Provided herein are methods for enrichment of breakpoint fragments, such as to detect and characterize fusion genes, which may be associated with a disease, such as cancer. In an aspect, the present disclosure provides a method for providing a diagnostic or therapeutic intervention to a subject having or suspected of having cancer, comprising (a) providing a biological sample comprising cell-free nucleic acid molecules from a subject; (b) contacting the cell-free nucleic acid molecules from the biological sample with a probe set under hybridization conditions sufficient to produce probe-captured polynucleotides, which probe set comprises a plurality of polynucleotide probes, wherein each of the plurality of polynucleotide probes has (i) sequence complementarity with a fusion gene and (ii) affinity for the fusion gene that is greater than a polynucleotide having sequence complementary with the fusion gene and containing only unmodified nucleotides; (c) isolating the probe-captured polynucleotides from the mixture, to produce a sample enriched with isolated polynucleotides comprising breakpoint fragments of the fusion gene; (d) sequencing the isolated polynucleotides to produce sequences; (e) detecting polynucleotides comprising breakpoints of fusion genes based on the sequences; and (f) providing the diagnostic or therapeutic intervention based on the detection of breakpoint fragments. In some embodiments, each of the plurality of polynucleotide probes comprises one or more locked nucleic acid (LNA) nucleotides. In some embodiments, each of the plurality of polynucleotide probes comprises a plurality LNA nucleotides, wherein at least two of the LNA nucleotides are spaced no more than 30 nucleotides apart. In some embodiments, the at least two of the LNA nucleotides are spaced no more than 15 apart. In some embodiments, at least 50% of the nucleotides of each of at least a subset of the plurality of polynucleotide probes are locked nucleic acid (LNA) nucleotides. In some embodiments, at least 75% of the nucleotides of each of at least a subset of the plurality of polynucleotide probes are locked nucleic acid (LNA) nucleotides. In some embodiments, each of the plurality of polynucleotide probes has a melting temperature that is at least about 1° C. higher than the polynucleotide having sequence complementary with the fusion gene and containing only unmodified nucleotides. In some embodiments, the melting temperature is at least about 10° C. higher. In some embodiments, each of the plurality of polynucleotide probes has a melting temperature that is at least about 2% higher than the polynucleotide having sequence complementary with the fusion gene and containing only unmodified nucleotides. In some embodiments, the melting temperature is at least about 10% higher. In some embodiments, the fusion gene is a cancer fusion gene. In some embodiments, each of the plurality of polynucleotide probes has sequence complementarity with a gene of a fusion gene pair of  FIGS.  2 2 FIG.  3 In some embodiments, each of the plurality of polynucleotide probes has a length less than about 500 nucleotides. In some embodiments, each of the plurality of polynucleotide probes has a length between about 20 and about 200 nucleotides. In some embodiments, each of the plurality of polynucleotide probes has a length between about 80 and about 160 nucleotides. In some embodiments, each of the breakpoint fragments has a length between about 140 nucleotides and 180 nucleotides. In some embodiments, the plurality of polynucleotide probes is coupled to a solid support. In some embodiments, the probe set comprises one or more natural polynucleotide probes. In some embodiments, the plurality of polynucleotide probes comprises at least one polynucleotide probe that hybridizes to a breakpoint region of a nucleic acid sequence included in the fusion gene, and at least one natural polynucleotide probe that hybridizes to a non-breakpoint region of the nucleic acid sequence included in the fusion gene. In some embodiments, each of the plurality of polynucleotide probes provides at least 50% coverage of a breakpoint region of a nucleic acid sequence included in the fusion gene. In some embodiments, (d) comprises attaching, to the isolated polynucleotides, tags comprising barcodes having distinct barcode sequences to generate tagged parent polynucleotides. In some embodiments, the method further comprises amplifying the tagged parent polynucleotides to produce tagged progeny polynucleotides. In some embodiments, the method further comprises (i) sequencing the tagged progeny polynucleotides to produce sequence reads, wherein each sequence read comprises a barcode sequence and a sequence derived from a given one of the isolated polynucleotides, and (ii) grouping the sequence reads into families based at least on the barcode sequence. In some embodiments, the method further comprises comparing the sequence reads grouped within each family to determine consensus sequences for each family, wherein each of the consensus sequences corresponds to a unique polynucleotide among the tagged parent polynucleotides. In another aspect, the present disclosure provides a method for capturing a breakpoint fragment of a fusion gene, comprising (a) providing a biological sample containing or suspected of containing a cell-free nucleic acid molecule comprising the breakpoint fragment of the fusion gene; and (b) contacting the biological sample with a polynucleotide probe under conditions sufficient to (i) permit hybridization between the polynucleotide probe and the breakpoint fragment to provide a probe-captured polynucleotide in a mixture, which polynucleotide probe has sequence complementarity with the breakpoint fragment and has affinity for the fusion gene that is greater than a polynucleotide having sequence complementary with the fusion gene and containing only unmodified nucleotides; and (ii) enrichment or isolation of the probe-captured polynucleotide from the mixture, wherein the polynucleotide probe has sequence complementarity with the breakpoint fragment. In some embodiments, the polynucleotide probe comprises one or more locked nucleic acid (LNA) nucleotides. In some embodiments, the polynucleotide probe comprises a plurality LNA nucleotides, wherein at least two of the LNA nucleotides are spaced no more than 30 nucleotides apart. In some embodiments, the at least two of the LNA nucleotides are spaced no more than 15 nucleotides apart. Another aspect of the present disclosure provides a probe set comprising a plurality of polynucleotide probes, wherein each of the polynucleotide probes has (i) sequence complementarity with a fusion gene as part of a cell-free nucleic acid molecule and (ii) affinity for the fusion gene that is greater than a polynucleotide having sequence complementary with the fusion gene and containing only unmodified nucleotides. In some embodiments, each of the plurality of polynucleotide probes comprises one or more locked nucleic acid nucleotides. In some embodiments, the probe set further comprises one or more natural polynucleotide probes. In some embodiments, each of the plurality of polynucleotide probes comprises at least one polynucleotide probe that hybridizes to a breakpoint region of a nucleic acid sequence included in the fusion gene, and at least one natural polynucleotide probe that hybridizes to a non-breakpoint region of the nucleic acid sequence included in the fusion gene. In some embodiments, each of the plurality of polynucleotide probes provides at least 50% coverage of a breakpoint region of a nucleic acid sequence included in the fusion gene. In some embodiments, the plurality of polynucleotide probes hybridize to portions of one or both of the different genes in the fusion gene. In some embodiments, the probe set further comprises a solid support, wherein the plurality of polynucleotide probes is coupled to the solid support. In some embodiments, each of the plurality of polynucleotide probes has a melting temperature that is at least about 1° C. higher than the polynucleotide having sequence complementary with the fusion gene and containing only unmodified nucleotides. In some embodiments, the melting temperature is at least about 10° C. higher. In some embodiments, each of the plurality of polynucleotide probes has a melting temperature that is at least about 2% higher than the polynucleotide having sequence complementary with the fusion gene and containing only unmodified nucleotides. In some embodiments, the melting temperature is at least about 10% higher. In some embodiments, the fusion gene is a cancer fusion gene. In some embodiments, each of the plurality of polynucleotide probes has sequence complementarity with a gene of a fusion gene pair of  FIGS.  2 2 FIG.  3 In another aspect, disclosed herein is a high affinity polynucleotide, comprising a sequence that is configured to specifically hybridize to a nucleic acid sequence associated with a fusion gene in a cell-free nucleic acid molecule. In another aspect, disclosed herein is a high affinity polynucleotide configured to specifically hybridize to a fusion gene. In one embodiment the high affinity polynucleotide comprises one or more locked nucleic acid nucleotides. In another embodiment the high affinity polynucleotide has a melting temperature that is at least any of 1° C., 2° C., 3° C., 4° C., 5° C., 10° C., 15° C. or 20° C. higher than a polynucleotide with the same sequence comprising only natural nucleotides. In another embodiment the high affinity polynucleotide has a melting temperature that is at least any of 2%, 4%, 6%, 8%, or 10% higher than a polynucleotide with the same sequence comprising only natural nucleotides. In another embodiment the high affinity polynucleotide is configured to specifically hybridize to a cancer fusion gene. In another embodiment the high affinity polynucleotide is configured to specifically hybridize to a gene of a fusion gene pair of  FIGS.  2 2 FIG.  3 In another aspect this disclosure provides a high affinity polynucleotide probe comprising a high affinity polynucleotide configured to specifically hybridize to a fusion gene. In one embodiment the high affinity polynucleotide comprises one or more locked nucleic acid nucleotides. In another embodiment the probe comprises a functionality selected from a detectable label, a binding moiety or a solid support. In another embodiment the probe is configured to hybridize to a breakpoint fragment of a fusion gene. In another embodiment the breakpoint fragment has a length between about 140 nucleotides and about 180 nucleotides. In another embodiment the fragment is cell-free deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) or genomic DNA. In another embodiment the high affinity polynucleotide is bound to a solid support. In another aspect this disclosure provides a probe set comprising a plurality of polynucleotide probes, each probe configured to specifically hybridize to a fusion gene, wherein the set comprises one or more high affinity polynucleotide probes. In one embodiment the high affinity polynucleotide comprises one or more locked nucleic acid nucleotides. In another embodiment the set comprises one or more natural polynucleotide probes. In another embodiment the probe set comprises at least one high affinity polynucleotide probe that specifically hybridizes to a breakpoint region of a gene involved in the fusion gene, and at least one natural polynucleotide probe that hybridizes to a non-breakpoint region of the gene involved in the fusion gene. In another embodiment the one or more high affinity polynucleotide probes in the probe set provide at least 50% (e.g., at least 0.5× to 5×) coverage of a breakpoint region of a gene involved in the fusion gene. In another embodiment the probes hybridize to portions of one or both of the different genes in the fusion gene. In another embodiment the probe set is configured as an oligonucleotide chip. In another embodiment a target sequence is targeted by both high affinity polynucleotide probes and standard affinity polynucleotide probes. In another aspect this disclosure provides a kit comprising a plurality of probe sets, wherein each probe set specifically hybridizes to a different gene and at least one of the probe sets is a probe set of this disclosure. In one embodiment the high affinity polynucleotide comprises one or more locked nucleic acid nucleotides. In another aspect, this disclosure provides a method for capturing a breakpoint fragment of a fusion gene comprising contacting the breakpoint fragment with a high affinity polynucleotide probe under stringent hybridization conditions and allowing hybridization, wherein the polynucleotide probe is bound to a solid support and wherein the polynucleotide probe has a nucleotide sequence that is substantially or perfectly complementary to a nucleotide sequence of the breakpoint fragment. In one embodiment the high affinity polynucleotide comprises one or more locked nucleic acid nucleotides. In another aspect, this disclosure provides a method for enriching a sample for polynucleotides comprising a breakpoint of a fusion gene, comprising: a) contacting a probe set of claim  20 In another aspect, this disclosure provides method of diagnosing cancer in a subject comprising: a) providing a sample comprising polynucleotides from a subject; b) contacting the cell-free DNA (cfDNA) from the sample with a probe set of claim  20 Another aspect of the present disclosure provides a non-transitory computer-readable medium comprising machine executable code that, upon execution by one or more computer processors, implements any of the methods above or elsewhere herein. Another aspect of the present disclosure provides a system comprising one or more computer processors and a non-transitory computer-readable medium coupled thereto. The non-transitory computer readable medium comprises machine executable code that, upon execution by the one or more computer processors, implements any of the methods above or elsewhere herein. Additional aspects and advantages of the present disclosure will become readily apparent to those skilled in this art from the following detailed description, wherein only illustrative embodiments of the present disclosure are shown and described. As will be realized, the present disclosure is capable of other and different embodiments, and its several details are capable of modifications in various obvious respects, all without departing from the disclosure. Accordingly, the drawings and description are to be regarded as illustrative in nature, and not as restrictive. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE All publications, patents, and patent applications mentioned in this specification are herein incorporated by reference to the same extent as if each individual publication, patent, or patent application was specifically and individually indicated to be incorporated by reference. 
 BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS The novel features of the invention are set forth with particularity in the appended claims. A better understanding of the features and advantages of the present invention will be obtained by reference to the following detailed description that sets forth illustrative embodiments, in which the principles of the invention are utilized, and the accompanying drawings (also “Figure” and “FIG.” herein), of which: FIG.  1 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 FIG.  3 FIGS.  4 4 FIGS.  5 FIGS.  6 6 FIG.  7 FIG.  8 FIG.  9 DETAILED DESCRIPTION While various embodiments of the invention have been shown and described herein, it will be obvious to those skilled in the art that such embodiments are provided by way of example only. Numerous variations, changes, and substitutions may occur to those skilled in the art without departing from the invention. It should be understood that various alternatives to the embodiments of the invention described herein may be employed. I. Definitions “High affinity polynucleotide”, as used herein, refers to a polynucleotide comprising at least one chemical modification that provides the polynucleotide with a higher melting temperature in a hybridization reaction compared with a same sequence polynucleotide not so modified. In embodiments, the higher melting temperature can be at least any of 1°, 2°, 3°, 4°, 5°, 10°, 15° or 20° C. higher. The polynucleotide can comprise one or more nucleotide analogs, an LNA nucleotide. “Locked nucleic acid” (“LNA”) (sometimes referred to as “inaccessible RNA”), as used herein, refers to a high affinity polynucleotide comprising at least one locked nucleic acid (LNA) nucleotide. “Locked nucleic acid nucleotide” (“LNA nucleotide”) as used herein, refers to a modified RNA nucleotide that provides the polynucleotide with greater thermodynamic stability during hybridization as compared with a polynucleotide that differs from the LNA only by having a natural ribonucleotide in place of the modified RNA nucleotide. In certain embodiments, the ribose moiety of a modified RNA nucleotide is modified with an extra bridge connecting the 2′ oxygen and 4′ carbon. LNA nucleotides can comprise any type of extra bridge between the 2′O and 4′C of the RNA that increases the thermodynamic stability of the duplex between the LNA and its complement. In some cases, BNA, the 2′ oxygen and 4′ carbon are bridged by a methylene group. In some cases, 2′-O,4′-C-ethylene-bridged nucleic acids (ENA), the 2′ oxygen and 4′ carbon are bridged by an ethylene group. Other examples of BNA can include, but are not limited to, 2′,4′-BNA NC NC NC “Bridged nucleic acid” (“BNA”) refers to 2′-O,4′-C-methylene-modified nucleic acids. Other 2′O-modified nucleotides, such as 2′O-Me, demonstrate greater stability, as well. “Fusion gene”, as used herein, refers to a gene that results from a chromosomal rearrangement (inversion, deletion, translocation) that brings together formerly separate portions of at least two different genes in a genome. “Cancer fusion gene”, as used herein, refers to a fusion gene resulting from somatic mutation in a cancer cell. “Breakpoint”, as used herein, refers to a nucleotide position in a fusion gene at which portions of two different genes are fused. “Breakpoint region”, as used herein, refers to a region of a gene that can be involved in gene fusions at which a breakpoint can occur. “Breakpoint fragment” of a fusion gene, as used herein, refers to a fragment of a fusion gene that includes sequences from two different genes making up the fusion gene. “Probe”, as used herein, refers to a polynucleotide comprising a functionality. The functionality can be a detectable label (fluorescent), a binding moiety (biotin), or a solid support (a magnetically attractable particle or a chip). “Natural polynucleotide” or “natural oligonucleotide”, as used herein, refers to a polynucleotide or an oligonucleotide in which all of the nucleotides in the probe are natural nucleotides. “Complementarity” refers to the ability of a nucleic acid to form hydrogen bond(s) with another nucleic acid sequence by either traditional Watson-Crick or other non-traditional types. A percent complementarity indicates the percentage of residues in a nucleic acid molecule which can form hydrogen bonds (Watson-Crick base pairing) with a second nucleic acid sequence (5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 out of 10 being 50%, 60%, 70%, 80%, 90%, and 100% complementary, respectively). “Perfectly complementary” means that all the contiguous residues of a nucleic acid sequence will hydrogen bond with the same number of contiguous residues in a second nucleic acid sequence. “Substantially complementary” as used herein refers to a degree of complementarity that is at least any of 60%, 65%, 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, 97%, 98%, 99%, or 100% over a region of 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, or more nucleotides, or refers to two nucleic acids that hybridize under stringent conditions. Sequence identity, such as for the purpose of assessing percent complementarity, may be measured by any suitable alignment algorithm, including but not limited to the Needleman-Wunsch algorithm (see e.g. the EMBOSS Needle aligner available at the world wide web site: ebi.ac.uk/Tools/psa/emboss_needle/nucleotide.html, optionally with default settings), the BLAST algorithm (see e.g. the BLAST alignment tool available at blast.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/Blast.cgi, optionally with default settings), or the Smith-Waterman algorithm (see e.g. the EMBOSS Water aligner available at the world wide web site: ebi.ac.uk/Tools/psa/emboss water/nucleotide.html, optionally with default settings). Optimal alignment may be assessed using any suitable parameters of a chosen algorithm, including default parameters. “Hybridization” refers to a reaction in which one or more polynucleotides react to form a complex that is stabilized via hydrogen bonding between the bases of the nucleotide residues. The hydrogen bonding may occur by Watson Crick base pairing, Hoogstein binding, or in any other sequence specific manner according to base complementarity. The complex may comprise two strands forming a duplex structure, three or more strands forming a multi stranded complex, a single self-hybridizing strand, or any combination of these. A hybridization reaction may constitute a step in a more extensive process, such as the initiation of PCR, or the enzymatic cleavage of a polynucleotide by an endonuclease. A second sequence that is complementary to a first sequence is referred to as the “complement” of the first sequence. The term “hybridizable” as applied to a polynucleotide refers to the ability of the polynucleotide to form a complex that is stabilized via hydrogen bonding between the bases of the nucleotide residues in a hybridization reaction. “Specifically hybridize to” or “hybridizing specifically to” or “specific hybridization” refers to the formation of a stable duplex between two polynucleotides under conditions of 50% formamide, 5×SSC and 1% SDS incubated at 42° C. or 5×SSC and 1% SDS incubated at 65° C., with a wash in 0.2×SSC and 0.1% SDS at 65° C. The term “stringent hybridization conditions” refers to conditions under which a polynucleotide will hybridize preferentially to its target subsequence, and to a lesser extent to, or not at all to, other sequences. “Stringent hybridization” in the context of nucleic acid hybridization experiments are sequence dependent, and are different under different environmental parameters. An extensive guide to the hybridization of nucleic acids is found in Tijssen (1993) Laboratory Techniques in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology—Hybridization with Nucleic Acid Probes part I chapter 2 “Overview of principles of hybridization and the strategy of nucleic acid probe assays”, Elsevier, New York. Generally, highly stringent hybridization and wash conditions are selected to be about 5° C. lower than the thermal melting point (Tm) for the specific sequence at a defined ionic strength and pH. The Tm is the temperature (under defined ionic strength and pH) at which 50% of the target sequence hybridizes to a perfectly matched probe. Very stringent conditions are selected to be equal to the Tm for a particular probe. Stringent hybridization conditions include a buffer comprising water, a buffer (a phosphate, tris, SSPE or SSC buffer at pH 6-9 or pH 7-8), a salt (sodium or potassium), and a denaturant (SDS, formamide or tween) and a temperature of 37° C.-70° C., 60° C.-65° C. An example of stringent hybridization conditions for hybridization of complementary nucleic acids which have more than 100 complementary residues on a filter in a Southern or northern blot is 50% formalin with 1 mg of heparin at 42° C., with the hybridization being carried out overnight. An example of highly stringent wash conditions is 0.15 M NaCl at 72° C. for about 15 minutes. An example of stringent wash conditions is a 0.2×SSC wash at 65° C. for 15 minutes (see, Sambrook et al. for a description of SSC buffer). Often, a high stringency wash is preceded by a low stringency wash to remove background probe signal. An example medium stringency wash for a duplex of, more than 100 nucleotides, is 1×SSC at 45° C. for 15 minutes. An example low stringency wash for a duplex of, e. g., more than 100 nucleotides, is 4-6×SSC at 40° C. for 15 minutes. In general, a signal to noise ratio of 2× (or higher) than that observed for an unrelated probe in the particular hybridization assay indicates detection of a specific hybridization. II. Overview Provided herein are compositions and methods for detecting polynucleotides comprising one or more fusion genes. The polynucleotides can be deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA). The compositions and methods provided herein can detect fusion genes with high sensitivity in heterogeneous polynucleotide samples, such as cell-free DNA (“cfDNA”). DNA from cells, including cancer cells, can be shed into the blood in the form of cell-free DNA. Cell-free DNA has an average length of about 160 nucleotides. Because fragmentation does not occur at pre-specified points, for any genomic locus, fragments may be found in a sample that tile across that locus. In cancer, certain genes are commonly involved in gene fusions with other genes. For example, the EML4 and ALK genes commonly undergo gene fusion with each other in cancer. The breakpoint of each gene involved in a fusion can occur at breakpoint regions (“hot spots”) in each of the genes. When cells containing these fusion genes die, their DNA is shed into the blood in the form of cfDNA. As shown in  FIG.  1 Certain DNA sequencing methods use sequence capture to enrich for sequences of interest. Sequence capture typically involves the use of oligonucleotide probes that hybridize to the sequence of interest. The probe set strategy can involve tiling the probes across a region of interest. Such probes can be, about 120 bases long. The set can have a depth of about 2×. The effectiveness of sequence capture depends, in part, on the length of the sequence in the target molecule that is complementary (or nearly complementary) to the sequence of the probe. However, in the case of fusion genes, polynucleotides mapping to the breakpoint may contain a sequence from the target gene that is shorter than optimal for hybridization and capture. For example, a cfDNA fragment mapping to a fusion involving an ALK-EML4 fusion may have, for example, a 150 nucleotide sequence of the ALK gene, a 100 nucleotide sequence, a 50 nucleotide sequence, a 25 nucleotide sequence or a 10 nucleotide sequence. In this case, there is a lower probability of capturing the polynucleotide if it has a shorter ALK sequence than of capturing a polynucleotide with a sequence fully complementary to the ALK probe. The problem is more acute when sequence capture is multiplex, targeting sequences from many different genes. Provided herein are materials and methods for capturing polynucleotide fragments mapping to a breakpoint in a fusion gene. Such polynucleotides are captured using high affinity polynucleotide probes, such locked nucleic acids. Such probes have higher melting temperature than probes of the same sequence made from natural nucleotides. Consequently, they produce higher yield of captured products from the same sample. Such probes can be included in a probe set targeting both fusion genes and non-fused genes. In this way, captured polynucleotides are enriched for those including fusion genes, compared with a population captured using only probes made from natural nucleotides. An exemplary probe set can contain, for example, a subset of LNA probes. The LNA probes can be configured to tile across breakpoint regions of genes involved in fusion genes. Every nucleotide in an LNA probe can be an LNA nucleotide. Alternatively, a fraction of the nucleotides can be LNA nucleotides. In certain embodiments, the LNA nucleotides can be spaced a predetermined number of nucleotides apart. The present invention provides high-affinity polynucleotides that can be used to enrich a sample containing nucleic acid fragments for those nucleic acid fragments that contain gene fusion events. These high-affinity polynucleotides can contain LNA nucleotides. Substituting LNA nucleotides for standard nucleotides can increase the melting temperature of the high-affinity polynucleotide, thereby increasing the stability of the duplex between the high-affinity polynucleotide and a nucleic acid fragment that contains a fusion gene. Gene fusions can be associated with, and in some cases contribute to, the development of a healthy cell into a neoplasm (a tumor or an adenoma). Detecting these gene fusion events may provide a useful approach for detecting and/or monitoring the presence of a neoplasm in a patient. Breakpoint fragments, however, will have less sequence derived from either gene flanking the breakpoint than a nucleic acid fragment of a similar length comprising sequence from just one of the genes. For this reason, a breakpoint fragment is often only capable of binding to a reduced section of a gene probe or gene-specific oligonucleotide. If the hybridization and wash conditions have been optimized for full-length or near full-length binding, the nucleic acid fragment containing the breakpoint can hybridize with insufficient affinity and be lost (see  FIG.  1 Tumor-derived nucleic acid can be found in cell-free bodily fluids. Tumor-derived nucleic acids from such cell-free bodily fluids can be assayed for nucleic acid fragments containing fusion genes in order to detect neoplasms. Cell-free bodily fluids can contain small amounts of tumor-derived nucleic acid, and the tumor-derived nucleic acid can be admixed with nucleic acid that is derived from healthy tissue. The present disclosure also provides approaches for enriching for nucleic acid fragments that contain fusion genes from nucleic acid derived from a cell-free bodily fluid. III. Test Samples A. Subject Types Samples are collected from subjects, e.g. patients at risk for developing cancer. The subjects may be patients with no known risk factors for cancer. The subjects can be patients whose only risk factors for cancer are age and/or gender. In some cases, the subjects can have known risk factors for cancer, e.g. smoking or familial history of cancer. In some cases, the subjects can be patients with symptoms of cancer. Other subjects can be patients with neoplasms that have previously been detected, by colonoscopy or imaging. The samples derived from patients with previously detected neoplasms can be assayed for nucleic acid fragments containing breakpoints in order to recommend a course of treatment or therapy. The samples derived from patients with neoplasms can be assayed for nucleic acids fragments containing breakpoints in order to determine the effectiveness of the treatment or therapy they are receiving. Other subjects can be patients with neoplasms that have been previously detected, but in whom the neoplasm is no longer detectable (patients in remission or who have no evidence of disease). The samples derived from patients in whom the neoplasm is no longer detectable can be assayed for nucleic acid fragments containing breakpoints in order to detect a relapse or reemergence of the neoplasm. Other subjects can be women with a familial history of cancer, wherein the genetic defect responsible for the familial cancer is known or suspected to be a fusion gene. In some cases, a woman with a family history of cancer may be pregnant and want to determine whether the fetus she is carrying has the fusion gene. In some cases, a sample containing fetal nucleic acids from such a subject can be assayed for the gene fusion event. B. Sample Types Samples can be nucleic acids extracted from various sources. Nucleic acids can be, but are not limited to, genomic DNA, RNA, mitochondrial DNA, fetal DNA, and miRNA. Samples may be extracted from a variety of bodily fluids containing cell-free nucleic acids, including but not limited to blood, serum, plasma, vitreous, sputum, urine, tears, perspiration, saliva, semen, mucosal excretions, mucus, spinal fluid, amniotic fluid, lymph fluid and the like. The collection of bodily fluids can be achieved using a variety of techniques. In some cases, collection may comprise aspiration of a bodily fluid from a subject using a syringe. In other cases collection may comprise pipetting or direct collection of fluid into a collecting vessel. After collection of bodily fluid, cell-free nucleic acids may be isolated and extracted using a variety of techniques. In some cases, cell-free nucleic acids may be isolated, extracted and prepared using commercially available kits such as the Qiagen Qiamp® Circulating Nucleic Acid Kit protocol. In other examples, Qiagen Qubit™ dsDNA HS Assay kit protocol, Agilent™ DNA 1000 kit, or TruSeq™ Sequencing Library Preparation; Low-Throughput (LT) protocol may be used to quantify nucleic acids. Cell-free nucleic acids may be fetal in origin (via fluid taken from a pregnant subject), or may be derived from tissue of the subject itself. Cell-free nucleic acids can be derived from a neoplasm (e.g. a tumor or an adenoma). Generally, cell-free nucleic acids are extracted and isolated from bodily fluids through a partitioning step in which cell-free nucleic acids, as found in solution, are separated from cells and other non-soluble components of the bodily fluid. Partitioning may include, but is not limited to, techniques such as centrifugation or filtration. In other cases, cells are not partitioned from cell-free nucleic acids first, but rather lysed. In one example, the genomic DNA of intact cells is partitioned through selective precipitation. Cell-free nucleic acids, including DNA, may remain soluble and may be separated from insoluble genomic DNA and extracted. Generally, after addition of buffers and other wash steps specific to different kits, nucleic acids may be precipitated using isopropanol precipitation. Further clean up steps may be used such as silica based columns to remove contaminants or salts. General steps may be optimized for specific applications. Non-specific bulk carrier nucleic acids, for example, may be added throughout the reaction to optimize certain aspects of the procedure such as yield. Cell-free nucleic acids can be at most 500 nucleotides in length, at most 400 nucleotides in length, at most 300 nucleotides in length, at most 250 nucleotides in length, at most 225 nucleotides in length, at most 200 nucleotides in length, at most 190 nucleotides in length, at most 180 nucleotides in length, at most 170 nucleotides in length, at most 160 nucleotides in length, at most 150 nucleotides in length, at most 140 nucleotides in length, at most 130 nucleotides in length, at most 120 nucleotides in length, at most 110 nucleotides in length, or at most 100 nucleotides in length. Cell-free nucleic acids can be at least 500 nucleotides in length, at least 400 nucleotides in length, at least 300 nucleotides in length, at least 250 nucleotides in length, at least 225 nucleotides in length, at least 200 nucleotides in length, at least 190 nucleotides in length, at least 180 nucleotides in length, at least 170 nucleotides in length, at least 160 nucleotides in length, at least 150 nucleotides in length, at least 140 nucleotides in length, at least 130 nucleotides in length, at least 120 nucleotides in length, at least 110 nucleotides in length, or at least 100 nucleotides in length. In particular, cell-free nucleic acids can be between 140 and 180 nucleotides in length. A sample may be extracted from tissue from the subject. A sample can be a tumor biopsy. The tumor biopsy can contain a mixture of tumor and healthy tissue. The tumor biopsy can be formaldehyde-fixed and paraffin-embedded. The tumor can be at least 0.1% of the biopsy, at least 0.2% of the biopsy, at least 0.5% of the biopsy, at least 0.7% of the biopsy, at least 1% of the biopsy, at least 2% of the biopsy, at least 3% of the biopsy, at least 4% of the biopsy, at least 5% of the biopsy, at least 10% of the biopsy, at least 15% of the biopsy, at least 20% of the biopsy, at least 25% of the biopsy, or at least 30% of the biopsy. A sample can be a biopsy from healthy tissue. Nucleic acids extracted from tissue can be at most 10 kb in length, at most 7 kb in length, at most 5 kb in length, at most 4 kb in length, at most 3 kb in length, at most 2 kb in length, at most 1 kb in length, at most 500 nucleotides in length, at most 400 nucleotides in length, at most 300 nucleotides in length, at most 250 nucleotides in length, at most 225 nucleotides in length, at most 200 nucleotides in length, at most 190 nucleotides in length, at most 180 nucleotides in length, at most 170 nucleotides in length, at most 160 nucleotides in length, at most 150 nucleotides in length, at most 140 nucleotides in length, at most 130 nucleotides in length, at most 120 nucleotides in length, at most 110 nucleotides in length, or at most 100 nucleotides in length. Nucleic acids extracted from tissue can be at least 5 kb in length, at least 4 kb in length, at least 3 kb in length, at least 2 kb in length, at least 1 kb in length, at least 500 nucleotides in length, at least 400 nucleotides in length, at least 300 nucleotides in length, at least 250 nucleotides in length, at least 225 nucleotides in length, at least 200 nucleotides in length, at least 190 nucleotides in length, at least 180 nucleotides in length, at least 170 nucleotides in length, at least 160 nucleotides in length, at least 150 nucleotides in length, at least 140 nucleotides in length, at least 130 nucleotides in length, at least 120 nucleotides in length, at least 110 nucleotides in length, or at least 100 nucleotides in length. In some cases, nucleic acids can be sheared during the extraction process and comprise fragments between 100 and 400 nucleotides in length. In some cases, nucleic acids can be sheared after extraction can comprise nucleotides between 100 and 400 nucleotides in length. Isolation and purification of cell-free and tissue-derived nucleic acids may be accomplished using various approaches, including, but not limited to, the use of commercial kits and protocols provided by companies such as Sigma Aldrich, Life Technologies, Promega, Affymetrix, IBI or the like. Kits and protocols may also be non-commercially available. IV. Genetic Analysis Genetic analysis includes detection of nucleotide sequence variants, copy number variations, and fusion genes. Genetic variants can be determined by sequencing. The sequencing method can be massively parallel sequencing, that is, simultaneously (or in rapid succession) sequencing any of at least 100,000, 1 million, 10 million, 100 million, or 1 billion polynucleotide molecules. Sequencing methods may include, but are not limited to: high-throughput sequencing, pyrosequencing, sequencing-by-synthesis, single-molecule sequencing, nanopore sequencing, semiconductor sequencing, sequencing-by-ligation, sequencing-by-hybridization, RNA-Seq (Illumina), Digital Gene Expression (Helicos), Next-generation sequencing, Single Molecule Sequencing by Synthesis (SMSS)(Helicos), massively-parallel sequencing, Clonal Single Molecule Array (Solexa), shotgun sequencing, Maxam-Gilbert or Sanger sequencing, primer walking, sequencing using PacBio, SOLiD, Ion Torrent, nanopore-based platforms or other sequencing methods. Sequencing can be made more efficient by performing sequence capture, that is, the enrichment of a sample for target sequences of interest, sequences of cancer fusion genes and cancer fusion gene breakpoints as described herein. Sequence capture can be performed using immobilized probes that hybridize to the targets of interest. Sequence capture can be performed using probes attached to functional groups, biotin, that allow probes hybridized to specific sequences to be enriched for from a sample by pulldown. In some cases, prior to hybridization to functionalized probes, specific sequences such as adapter sequences from library fragments can be masked by annealing complementary, non-functionalized polynucleotide sequences to the fragments in order to reduce non-specific or off-target binding. In some cases the cell-free nucleic acid fragments or tissue-derived nucleic acid fragments are inputs to produce sequencing libraries. In some cases, the fragments are enriched for specific sequence prior to preparing a sequencing library. The enriched fragmented nucleic acids can be attached to any sequencing adaptor suitable for use on any sequencing platform disclosed herein. For example, a sequence adaptor can comprise a flow cell sequence, a sample barcode, or both. In another example, a sequence adaptor can be a hairpin shaped adaptor and/or comprise a sample barcode. Further, the resulting fragments can be amplified and sequenced. In some cases, the adaptor does not comprise a sequencing primer region. In some cases, the sequencing libraries are enriched for specific sequences prior to sequencing. Cell-free nucleic acids can include small amounts of tumor nucleic acids mixed with germline nucleic acids. In some cases, tumor biopsies can include small amounts of tumor tissue mixed in with healthy tissue, and nucleic acids extracted from such samples without enrichment can include small amounts of tumor nucleic acids mixed with germline nucleic acids. Sequencing methods that increase sensitivity and specificity of detecting tumor nucleic acids, and, in particular, genetic sequence variants and copy number variation, can be useful in the methods of this invention. Such methods are described in, for example, in WO 2014/039556, WO 2014/149134 and WO 2015/100427, each of which is entirely incorporated herein by reference. These methods not only can detect molecules with a sensitivity of up to or greater than 0.1%, but also can distinguish these signals from noise typical in current sequencing methods. Increases in sensitivity and specificity from blood-based samples of cell-free nucleic acids can be achieved using various methods. One method includes high efficiency tagging of nucleic acid molecules in the sample, tagging at least any of 50%, 75% or 90% of the polynucleotides in a sample. This increases the likelihood that a low-abundance target molecule in a sample will be tagged and subsequently sequenced, and significantly increases sensitivity of detection of target molecules. Another method involves molecular tracking, which identifies sequence reads that have been redundantly generated from an original parent molecule, and assigns the most likely identity of a base at each locus or position in the parent molecule. This significantly increases specificity of detection by reducing noise generated by amplification and sequencing errors, which reduces frequency of false positives. Methods of the present disclosure can be used to detect genetic variation in non-uniquely tagged initial starting genetic material (rare nucleic acids) at a concentration that is less than 5%, 1%, 0.5%, 0.1%, 0.05%, or 0.01%, at a specificity of at least 99%, 99.9%, 99.99%, 99.999%, 99.9999%, or 99.99999%. Sequence reads of tagged polynucleotides can be subsequently tracked to generate consensus sequences for polynucleotides with an error rate of no more than 2%, 1%, 0.1%, or 0.01%. V. Gene Fusion Events and Breakpoint Regions Gene fusion events are chromosomal rearrangements (inversion, deletion, and translocation) that bring together formerly separate portions of at least two different genes in a genome, resulting in a fusion gene. Fusion genes can be associated with and/or cause the formation of a neoplasm. A fusion gene can be a cancer fusion gene. A cancer fusion gene can be a fusion gene resulting from a somatic mutation that is present in a cancer. Non-limiting examples of pairs of genes that may form cancer fusion genes are found in  FIGS.  2 2 FIG.  3 FIG.  8 FIG.  8 FIG.  8 Typically, a fusion gene can result in an aberrant juxtaposition of two genes that can encode a fusion protein (BCR-ABL1), or the regulatory elements of one gene may drive the aberrant expression of an oncogene (TMPRSS2-ERG). Despite the recurrent nature of cancer fusion genes, the exact location of the breakpoint for each fusion gene can vary. A breakpoint region refers to a region of a gene that may be involved in gene fusions at which a breakpoint can occur. In some cases, the breakpoint region is at most within 500 nucleotides of a breakpoint. In some cases, the breakpoint region is within at most 200 nucleotides of a breakpoint, within at most 500 nucleotides of a breakpoint, within at most 750 nucleotides of a breakpoint, within at most 1 kilobase (kb) of a breakpoint, within at most 5 kb of a breakpoint, within at most 10 kb of a breakpoint, within at most 20 kb of a breakpoint, within at most 30 kb of a breakpoint, within at most 40 kb of a breakpoint, within at most 50 kb of a breakpoint, or within at most 100 kb of a breakpoint. Exemplary, non-limiting breakpoints for given pairs of genes are provided in  FIG.  4 4 FIG.  4 29 For example, the first row of  FIG.  4 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 VI. High Affinity Polynucleotides In some cases, the high affinity polynucleotide can be at least about 450 nucleotides in length, at least about 425 nucleotides in length, at least about 400 nucleotides in length, at least about 375 nucleotides in length, at least about 350 nucleotides in length, at least about 325 nucleotides in length, at least about 300 nucleotides in length, at least about 275 nucleotides in length, at least about 250 nucleotides in length, at least about 225 nucleotides in length, at least about 200 nucleotides in length, at least about 180 nucleotides in length, at least about 160 nucleotides in length, at least about 140 nucleotides in length, at least about 120 nucleotides in length, at least about 100 nucleotides in length, at least about 80 nucleotides in length, at least about 60 nucleotides in length, at least about 40 nucleotides in length, or at least about 20 nucleotides in length. Furthermore, in some cases, the high affinity polynucleotide can be at most about 500 nucleotides in length, at most about 450 nucleotides in length, at most about 425 nucleotides in length, at most about 400 nucleotides in length, at most about 375 nucleotides in length, at most about 350 nucleotides in length, at most about 325 nucleotides in length, at most about 300 nucleotides in length, at most about 275 nucleotides in length, at most about 250 nucleotides in length, at most about 225 nucleotides in length, at most about 200 nucleotides in length, at most about 180 nucleotides in length, at most about 160 nucleotides in length, at most about 140 nucleotides in length, at most about 120 nucleotides in length, at most about 100 nucleotides in length, at most about 80 nucleotides in length, at most about 60 nucleotides in length, at most about 40 nucleotides in length, or at most about 20 nucleotides in length. In particular, in some cases high affinity polynucleotides can be between about 20 and about 200 nucleotides in length. Furthermore, in some cases high affinity polynucleotides can be between about 80 and about 160 nucleotides in length. In certain embodiments, high affinity polynucleotides of this invention have a sequence of at least 10, least 25, least 50, least 100 or at least 150 nucleotides perfectly complementary or substantially complementary to a target sequence of a fusion gene. High affinity polynucleotides can contain one or more LNA nucleotides. In some cases, 100% of the nucleotides within the high affinity polynucleotide are LNA nucleotides. In some cases, at least 90%, at least 70%, at least 50%, at least 20%, at least 10%, at least 5%, or at least 1% of the nucleotides within the high affinity polynucleotides are LNA nucleotides. In some cases, at most 90%, at most 70%, at most 50%, at most 20%, at most 10%, at most 5%, or at most 1% of the nucleotides within the high affinity polynucleotide are LNA nucleotides. If a high affinity polynucleotide contains more than one LNA nucleotide, in some cases the LNA nucleotides can be spaced no more than 30 nucleotides apart, no more than 20 nucleotides apart, no more than 15 nucleotides apart, no more than 10 nucleotides apart, or no more than 5 nucleotides apart. In other cases where the high affinity polynucleotide contains more than one LNA nucleotide, the LNA nucleotides can be spaced at least 30 nucleotides apart, at least 20 nucleotides apart, at least 15 nucleotides apart, at least 10 nucleotides apart, or at least 5 nucleotides apart. For each LNA nucleotide inserted in place of a natural nucleotide in a high affinity polynucleotide, the melting temperature of the duplex of the high affinity polynucleotide and its complementary sequence comprising only natural nucleotides can increase at least 1° C., at least 2° C., at least 3° C., 4 at least ° C., at least 5° C., at least 6° C., at least 7° C., at least 8° C., at least 9° C., or at least 10° C. under stringent conditions. In particular, for each LNA nucleotide inserted in place of a natural nucleotide, the melting temperature can increase by between about 2° C. and about 8° C. In some cases, the melting temperature of a high affinity polynucleotide (comprising one or more LNA nucleotides) can be at least 0.5% higher, at least 1% higher, at least 2% higher, at least 3% higher, at least 4% higher, at least 5% higher, at least 10% higher, at least 15% higher, at least 20% higher, at least 25% higher, at least 30% higher, at least 35% higher, at least 40% higher, at least 45% higher, at least 50% higher, at least 55% higher, at least 60% higher, at least 65% higher, at least 70% higher, at least 75% higher, at least 80% higher, at least 85% higher, at least 90% higher, at least 95% higher, or at least 100% higher than the melting temperature of a polynucleotide comprising only natural nucleotides with the same sequence as the high affinity polynucleotide. In one configuration, bound probes may be affinity purified using a combination of binding partners. In one example, probes may contain a binding partner such as biotin. The binding partner may then be used as bait for an additional binding partner, such as streptavidin, in an affinity purification step. In some cases, bound probes may be affinity purified from unbound probes. In other cases, sample polynucleotide strands, comprising a binding partner and bound probes may be affinity purified from unbound probes. Generally, any chemical approach for capture of the bound probes may be suitable. In some cases, capture may be achieved through methods comprising biotin and streptavidin, or streptavidin derivatives. For example, one embodiment of the disclosure provides for capture of sequencing library fragments of fusion genes, wherein probes to the genes involved in the fusion gene, probes to the breakpoint region, and/or probes to the breakpoint are annealed to melted strands of the sequencing library and affinity purified away from other sequencing library fragments. Magnetically attractable particles, such as beads, may be used for isolation. Any suitable bead isolation technique can be used with methods of the present disclosure. In some cases, Beads can be useful for isolation in that molecules of interest can be attached to the beads, and the beads can be washed to remove solution components not attached to the beads, allowing for enrichment, purification and/or isolation. The beads can be separated from other components in the solution based on properties such as size, density, or dielectric, ionic, and magnetic properties. In preferred embodiments, the particles are magnetically attractable. Magnetically attractable particles can be introduced, mixed, removed, and released into solution using magnetic fields. Processes utilizing magnetically attractable particles can also be automated. Magnetically attractable particles are supplied by a number of vendors including NEB, Dynal, Micromod, Turbobeads, and Spherotech. The particles can be functionalized using functionalization chemistry to provide a surface having the binding groups required for binding to polynucleotides. In some cases, the probe and/or high affinity polynucleotide are configured to hybridize to a cancer fusion gene. For example, the probe and/or high affinity polynucleotide can be complementary to a portion of either gene that the fusion gene is derived from. In some cases, the cancer fusion gene can be one or more genes selected from the lists present in  FIGS.  2 2 In some cases, the probe and/or high affinity polynucleotide can be configured to hybridize to a breakpoint region. For example, in some cases the probe and/or high affinity polynucleotide can be complementary to a portion of a breakpoint region (the probe and/or high affinity polynucleotide can be complementary to a sequence within 500 nucleotides of a breakpoint). Furthermore, in some cases, the probe and/or high affinity polynucleotide can be configured to hybridize across a breakpoint in a fusion gene (see  FIG.  6 FIG.  6 VII. Sets of Probes and/or Polynucleotides In some cases, sets of probes and/or polynucleotides are provided. In some cases, all of the probes and/or polynucleotides in the set comprise LNA nucleotides. In some cases, a subset of the probes and/or polynucleotides in the set comprises only natural nucleotides, referred to hereafter as a “standard affinity subset”, and a second subset comprising one or more LNA nucleotides, referred to hereafter as a “high affinity subset.” In one embodiment, the probe set includes one or more probes directed to a nucleotide sequence in a breakpoint region of a fusion gene. Probes and/or polynucleotides can be provided at a variety of coverage depths. For example, in some cases coverage depth can be at least 0.5×, wherein a set of probes or polynucleotides targets on average half of the bases in a region (see  FIG.  5 In some cases, coverage depth can be at least 1×, wherein probes and/or polynucleotides are designed such that each base in a region is on average targeted by only one probes and/or polynucleotide sequence. In some cases, coverage depth can be at least 2×, wherein probes and/or polynucleotides are designed such that each base in a region is on average targeted by two probes and/or polynucleotide sequences. In some cases, coverage depth by a set of probes or polynucleotides can be at least 3×, at least 4×, or at least 5×. In some cases, probes and/or polynucleotides can be tiling, wherein a set of probes and/or polynucleotides are designed such that a contiguous target region is covered by the probes and/or polynucleotide sequences (see  FIG.  5 In some cases, it may be preferable to use a standard affinity subset of probes and/or polynucleotides to enrich for some nucleic acid fragments of interest, and to use a high affinity subset of probes and/or polynucleotides to enrich for other nucleic acid fragments in the same sample. For example, in some cases a standard affinity subset of probes and/or polynucleotides can target exomes, oncogenes, or tumor suppressor genes, and a high affinity subset of probes and/or polynucleotides can target fusion genes, such as cancer fusion genes (e.g. the genes listed in  FIG.  3 FIG.  6 FIG.  6 FIG.  6 FIG.  6 In some cases, a set of probes and/or polynucleotides is configured to target more than one gene in order to enrich for a panel of genes that may be involved in gene fusions (see, e.g.,  FIG.  7 In some cases, sets of probes and/or polynucleotides are configured to target a specific fusion gene. For example, the probes and/or polynucleotides can be designed to target one or both genes involved in the gene fusion. In some cases, a set of probes and/or polynucleotides comprises probes and/or polynucleotides that target a single gene and/or its breakpoints or breakpoint regions. In some cases, the standard affinity probes and/or polynucleotides are mixed with the high affinity probes and/or polynucleotides. In some cases, the standard affinity probes and/or polynucleotides and the high affinity probes and/or polynucleotides are separate and employed sequentially. Furthermore, in some cases the sample is first contacted with the standard affinity probes, and then the uncaptured nucleic acid fragments are contacted with the high affinity probes. In some cases, high affinity probe sets can include standard affinity polynucleotides doped with high affinity polynucleotides. In such a probe set, a target sequence can be targeted for hybridization by both standard and high affinity polynucleotides. In such a doped set, the high affinity polynucleotides can target only sequences at a breakpoint region. VIII. Kits The present disclosure provides kits for enriching samples for breakpoint fragments. The kits can comprise any of the probes and/or polynucleotides disclosed herein. In some cases, the kit can comprise a plurality of probe sets, wherein each probe set hybridizes to a different gene and at least one of the probe sets is configured to hybridize to a fusion gene and comprises one or more high affinity polynucleotides and/or probes. IX. Methods of Use The present disclosure provides methods for enriching for breakpoint fragments using any of the probes and/or polynucleotides disclosed herein. Such methods can comprise contacting a probe set that hybridizes to a fusion gene, wherein one or more probes and/or polynucleotides is a high affinity polynucleotide and/or probe, with a mixture of polynucleotides to produce probe-captured polynucleotides. The probe-captured polynucleotides can then be isolated to produce a sample enriched for polynucleotides comprising breakpoint fragments of the fusion gene. In some cases, the polynucleotides are cell-free DNA. In some cases, the polynucleotides are fragmented genomic DNA. In some cases, the probe-captured polynucleotides are eluted to isolate the captured polynucleotides form the probes. In some cases, the eluted polynucleotides are directly sequenced or used to produce sequencing libraries. Methods of detecting fusion genes are provided. In a method, at least one probe set comprising at least one high affinity polynucleotide is provided that is directed to a gene involved in a gene fusion. The probe set can include both standard affinity and high affinity polynucleotide probes. In some embodiments, the probe set comprises a plurality of probe subsets, each subset directed to sequences of a different gene of interest, one or more of which genes are involved in a gene fusion in cancer and, in some examples, at least of which genes is not involved in a gene fusion. The probe set may be mixed with a sample comprising DNA, such as cfDNA, under stringent hybridization conditions, and the DNA may be allowed to hybridize to the probes. Because the probe set includes high affinity polynucleotide probes, the probability of capturing DNA fragments including a fusion gene break point is increased. Captured DNA may be isolated from the probe and sequenced. Sequences may be analyzed to detect DNA fragments having sequences that span a breakpoint, such as DNA fragments that include sequences from two different genes normally not fused. The presence of fusion genes may be correlated with a disease, such as cancer. Accordingly, this method is useful in the diagnosis of the disease, such as cancer. Computer Control Systems The present disclosure provides computer control systems that are programmed to implement methods of the disclosure.  FIG.  9 901 The computer system  901 905 901 910 915 920 925 910 915 920 925 905 915 901 930 920 930 930 930 930 901 901 The CPU  905 910 905 905 905 The CPU  905 901 The storage unit  915 915 901 901 901 The computer system  901 930 901 901 930 Methods as described herein can be implemented by way of machine (e.g., computer processor) executable code stored on an electronic storage location of the computer system  901 910 915 905 915 910 905 915 910 The code can be pre-compiled and configured for use with a machine having a processer adapted to execute the code, or can be compiled during runtime. The code can be supplied in a programming language that can be selected to enable the code to execute in a pre-compiled or as-compiled fashion. Aspects of the systems and methods provided herein, such as the computer system  901 Hence, a machine readable medium, such as computer-executable code, may take many forms, including but not limited to, a tangible storage medium, a carrier wave medium or physical transmission medium. Non-volatile storage media include, for example, optical or magnetic disks, such as any of the storage devices in any computer(s) or the like, such as may be used to implement the databases, etc. shown in the drawings. Volatile storage media include dynamic memory, such as main memory of such a computer platform. Tangible transmission media include coaxial cables; copper wire and fiber optics, including the wires that comprise a bus within a computer system. Carrier-wave transmission media may take the form of electric or electromagnetic signals, or acoustic or light waves such as those generated during radio frequency (RF) and infrared (IR) data communications. Common forms of computer-readable media therefore include for example: a floppy disk, a flexible disk, hard disk, magnetic tape, any other magnetic medium, a CD-ROM, DVD or DVD-ROM, any other optical medium, punch cards paper tape, any other physical storage medium with patterns of holes, a RAM, a ROM, a PROM and EPROM, a FLASH-EPROM, any other memory chip or cartridge, a carrier wave transporting data or instructions, cables or links transporting such a carrier wave, or any other medium from which a computer may read programming code and/or data. Many of these forms of computer readable media may be involved in carrying one or more sequences of one or more instructions to a processor for execution. The computer system  901 935 940 Methods and systems of the present disclosure can be implemented by way of one or more algorithms. An algorithm can be implemented by way of software upon execution by the central processing unit  905 EXAMPLES Example 1: Enrichment and Sequencing of Cancer Genes and Cancer Fusion Genes Circulating cell-free DNA is isolated from the plasma of a cancer patient using the QIAamp Circulating Nucleic Acid kit (Qiagen) per manufacturer's protocol, except that a double sided SPRI with AmpureXP beads (Beckman Coulter) is performed to removed fragments >500 bps and keep all lower molecular weight fragments. The resulting ˜160-bp cfDNA fragments (5 to 30 ng) are then end-repaired and ligated to adapters with molecular barcode tags and sequences required for downstream next-generation sequencing (HiSeq2500, Illumina). The ligated cfDNA is amplified over 10 cycles using primers complementary to the ligated adapter sequences. To enrich for regions of interest, including fusion genes, the resulting cfDNA libraries are denatured at 95° C. and then hybridized at 65° C. first to oligos that block the added sequences and then to 120-nt biotinylated RNA oligos (Agilent Technologies) and also 120-nt biotinylated RNA/LNA or DNA/LNA oligos (Exiqon) in stringent hybridization buffer for 16 hours. The hybridization reactions are captured using streptavidin beads (Invitrogen), washed to remove non-targeted cfDNA fragments, and eluted using sodium hydroxide. The resulting enriched libraries are amplified for another 12 cycles and sequenced on a HiSeq2500 (Illumina). Example 2: Sequence Capture Cell-free DNA is isolated from a cancer patient. A probe set is provided that is configured to capture polynucleotides having sequences of 68 target genes, including four genes involved in gene rearrangements. The probe set comprises sub-sets each sub-set directed to one of the  68 Cell-free DNA and the probe set are combined under stringent hybridization conditions and incubated overnight. The probe set with bound cfDNA is isolated from the mixture. Bound polynucleotides are separated from the probes and sequenced. Polynucleotides comprising sequences across a breakpoint are identified. While preferred embodiments of the present invention have been shown and described herein, it will be obvious to those skilled in the art that such embodiments are provided by way of example only. It is not intended that the invention be limited by the specific examples provided within the specification. While the invention has been described with reference to the aforementioned specification, the descriptions and illustrations of the embodiments herein are not meant to be construed in a limiting sense. Numerous variations, changes, and substitutions will now occur to those skilled in the art without departing from the invention. Furthermore, it shall be understood that all aspects of the invention are not limited to the specific depictions, configurations or relative proportions set forth herein which depend upon a variety of conditions and variables. It should be understood that various alternatives to the embodiments of the invention described herein may be employed in practicing the invention. It is therefore contemplated that the invention shall also cover any such alternatives, modifications, variations or equivalents. It is intended that the following claims define the scope of the invention and that methods and structures within the scope of these claims and their equivalents be covered thereby. 
 
 1 82 
 83 (a) contacting a provided biological sample with a polynucleotide probe, which comprises one or more locked nucleic acid (LNA) nucleotides, under conditions sufficient to:
 (i) permit hybridization between the polynucleotide probe and the breakpoint fragment to provide a probe-captured polynucleotide in a mixture, which polynucleotide probe has sequence complementarity with the breakpoint fragment and has affinity for the fusion gene that is greater than a polynucleotide having the sequence complementarity and containing only unmodified nucleotides; and (ii) permit enrichment or isolation of the probe-captured polynucleotide from the mixture, wherein the polynucleotide probe has sequence complementarity with the breakpoint fragment, (b) eluting the probe-captured polynucleotides to isolate the captured polynucleotides from the probes; and (c) directly sequencing the eluted polynucleotides or using the eluted polynucleotides to produce sequencing libraries,
 wherein the biological sample contains or is suspected of containing a cell-free nucleic acid molecule comprising the breakpoint fragment of the fusion gene. 
 84 claim 83 
 85 claim 84 
 86 claim 83 
 87 claim 83 
 88 claim 83 
 89 claim 88 FIGS.  2 2 FIG.  3 
 90 claim 83 
 91 claim 83 
 92 claim 83 
 93 claim 83 
 94 claim 83 
 95 claim 83 
 96 claim 83 
 97 claim 96 
 98 claim 96 
 99 claim 96 
 100 claim 96 
 101 claim 96 
 102 claim 83 
 Provided herein is a method for enriching a sample for polynucleotides comprising a breakpoint of a fusion gene, comprising: a) contacting a probe set comprising a plurality of polynucleotide probes, each probe configured to specifically hybridize to a fusion gene, wherein the set comprises one or more high affinity polynucleotide probes (e.g., a polynucleotide comprising one or more locked nucleic acid nucleotides), with a mixture of polynucleotides under hybridization conditions to produce probe-captured polynucleotides; and b) isolating the probe-captured polynucleotides from the mixture, to produce a sample enriched with polynucleotides comprising breakpoint fragments of the fusion gene.


 CROSS-REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONS This application claims priority to and the benefit of U.S. Provisional Application No. 63/189,001, filed May 14, 2021, the disclosure of which is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. SEQUENCE LISTING The instant application contains a Sequence Listing which has been submitted electronically in ASCII format and is hereby incorporated by reference in its entirety. Said ASCII copy, created on Jun. 22, 2022, is named 2011722-0098_SL.txt and is 316,305 bytes in size. TECHNICAL FIELD This invention relates generally to methods, and systems for identifying biomarkers for detection of a disease or condition, such as cancer. BACKGROUND Disease detection is an important component of prevention of disease progression, diagnosis, and treatment. For example, early detection of colorectal cancer (CRC) has been shown to drastically improve outcomes of those suffering from CRC through early treatment of CRC. However, despite the availability of current tools to screen for and diagnose CRC and other cancers, millions of individuals still die annually from diseases, such as CRC, which are treatable through early intervention and detection. Current tools to screen for and diagnose diseases are insufficient. DNA methylation is a control mechanism that impacts numerous cellular processes including, for example, cellular differentiation. Dysregulation of methylation, therefore, can lead to disease, including cancer. Accumulated changes in DNA methylation (e.g., hypermethylation or hypomethylation), especially when the changes are located in crucial genes, can result in cancerous cells. These changes in methylation status, if detected, can be used to predict susceptibility of a subject to developing cancer, as well as the development or presence of cancer and, potentially, other diseases. The most common method for analyzing genome-wide methylation status of a given organism is whole genome bisulfite sequencing (WGBS). In this method, the methylation status of single cytosines of sample DNA is determined by first treating the DNA (e.g., in fragmented form) with sodium bisulfite before sequencing. DNA methylation is present in mammals mostly at CpG dinucleotides—a CpG dinucleotide is a region of DNA where a cytosine nucleotide is followed by a guanine nucleotide in the linear sequence of bases along its 5′→>3′ direction. In WGBS, sodium bisulfite is used to convert unmethylated cytosines into uracil, while methylated forms of cytosine (e.g., 5-methylcytosine and 5-hydroxymethylcytosine) remain unchanged. The bisulfite-treated DNA fragments are then sequenced, e.g., via a next generation sequencing technique. Specific algorithms and/or tools such as Bismark are required for mapping the sequence reads and methylation calling in CpG, CHG and CHH context at single base resolution. Thus, the WGBS technique identifies single-cytosine methylation sites genome-wide. However, the method may have low resolution of specific short genomic regions that could be useful as biomarkers of a particular disease or condition on further differentially methylated region analysis context. Thus, there is a need for improved methods, systems and apparatus for analyzing methylation status of DNA and identifying methylation biomarkers. In particular, there is a need for methods for use in diagnosis and/or classification of colorectal neoplasms. SUMMARY The present disclosure provides for, among other things, various systems, methods, and apparatus for identifying biomarkers for detection of a disease or condition. A disease or condition discussed herein can be, e.g., advanced adenoma, colorectal cancer, other cancers, or other diseases or conditions associated with an aberrant methylation status (e.g., neurodegenerative diseases, gastrointestinal disorders, and the like). In various embodiments, the present disclosure provides methods for detecting colorectal cancer and/or advanced adenoma that include analysis of one or more methylation biomarkers in cfDNA (e.g., ctDNA) of a subject. In various embodiments, the present disclosure provides methods for colorectal cancer and/or advanced adenoma detection that includes determining the methylation status of one or more methylation biomarkers in DNA e.g., cfDNA using a next generation sequencing (NGS) technique (e.g., a targeted NGS technique, a hybrid-capture based NGS technique). Various methods provided herein are useful in colorectal cancer and/or advanced adenoma screening by analysis of an accessible tissue sample of a subject, e.g., a tissue sample that is blood or a blood component (e.g., cfDNA, e.g., ctDNA). In certain embodiments, methods described herein are blood based tests with significantly higher overall sensitivity for advanced adenoma detection. In certain embodiments, the sensitivity of an advanced adenoma test is at least 54% or greater. In certain embodiments, the methods described herein use blood-based markers from DNA (e.g., cell free DNA). In certain embodiments, methods described herein detect advance adenoma in a human subject. In certain embodiments, a method comprises: determining a methylation status of at least a portion of each of the DMRs of Table 15, Table 16, Table 17 and/or  FIGS.  3 3 FIGS.  3 3 In certain embodiments each of the DMRs of Table 15, Table 16, Table 17 and/or  FIGS.  3 3 In various embodiments, the methods described herein include screening for mutations of one or more mutation markers in cfDNA e.g., ctDNA. Mutations identified through detection methods described herein may be used to further classify and/or diagnose a disease or condition in combination with the methylation status(es) of the methylation biomarkers. For example, the presence of mutations in mutation markers and methylation status(es) of methylation markers may be acquired (e.g., simultaneously) in the same assay (e.g., a NGS assay) conducted on a single sample. Obtaining information corresponding to methylation and mutation markers in the same assay allows for decreased costs and increased efficiency by not having to conduct separate assays. Additionally or alternatively, mutation markers may allow for further classification of a disease or condition (e.g., cancer). The presence and/or absence of one or more mutations may also allow for identification or recommendation of therapies for treatment of the disease and/or condition. In various embodiments, the present disclosure relates to methods and/or systems for identifying methylation status of a methylation biomarker in cfDNA of a subject (e.g., a human subject) and/or detecting (e.g., screening for) a disease and/or condition (e.g., cancer) based on the methylation status of one or more known biomarkers. In certain embodiments, read-wise methylation values obtained from reads of methylation biomarkers are used to identify or diagnose a disease, e.g., using a classification model. In certain embodiments, a read-wise methylation value for a methylation biomarker may be based on a comparison a number of methylated reads of a control DNA sample not affected by the disease and/or condition (e.g., cfDNA from a “healthy” subject, buffy coat DNA, DNA from a “healthy” tissue) as compared to a number of methylated reads of a pathological DNA sample affected by the disease or condition (e.g., cfDNA, e.g., ctDNA). In various embodiments, the present disclosure relates to methods and/or systems to obtain read-wise methylation values of one or more target biomarkers (e.g., DMRs) using NGS sequencing data. While it is understood that methylation status of individual markers may change in DNA of a subject afflicted by a disease, current bioinformatics-based tools used to identify abnormal methylation are insufficient to accurately detect abnormal methylation patterns. For example, current tools are not sufficiently sensitive to changes in methylation states between control and disease states to detect significant methylation changes in methylation markers. Additionally, such tools suffer from high signal to noise ratio, particularly when using cfDNA as a sample source as, in certain diseases, the amount of cfDNA in a sample may be small in blood or plasma samples. A read-wise assessment of methylation allows for a more appropriate identification and assessment of methylation. In various embodiments, the present disclosure relates to methods and/or systems for conducting next-generation sequencing (NGS) on samples of DNA, e.g., cfDNA. NGS sequencing on DNA samples is typically conducted using standard sets of manufactured kits and techniques. However, standard NGS techniques may insufficiently cover target regions, particularly as GC content of regions may vary widely from region to region. For example, methylation markers may have high GC content while mutation markers may have low GC content. Under certain NGS sequencing conditions, variations in GC content may lead to over-representation of regions having high GC content and/or underrepresentation of low GC content regions. Steps taken to improve GC coverage of high GC content regions may, in turn, lower coverage of low GC content regions (or vice versa). In addition, current NGS sequencing techniques lack sufficient means for determining data quality of samples. In certain embodiments, methods and systems disclosed herein may improve NGS sequencing data quality. In certain embodiments, coverage of low GC content regions may be improved by altering probe design and/or experimental parameters related to DNA sample processing. For example, sequencing of a mutation marker with low CG content may be improved by increasing probe tiling density and/or overlapping probes over the low GC content region. In certain embodiments, GC dropout rate is used as a quality control value to assess NGS sequencing coverage. GC dropout rate is indicative of coverage of high GC content target regions (e.g., regions having greater than 50% GC content, e.g., greater than 60% GC content, greater than 70% GC content). In certain embodiments, sequencing data having a low GC dropout rate (e.g., 6% or less, 5% or less, 4% or less, 3% or less) are desirable. In certain embodiments, conversion rates of DNA is used to quantitatively assess NGS data quality. For example, conversion of a control sequence of DNA (e.g., a spike-in control) may be used to assess conversion (e.g., bisulfite or enzymatic conversion) rates of unmethylated and/or methylated cytosines to uracil. A high conversion efficiency of unmethylated cytosines to uracil is desirable when, for example, bisulfite or enzymatically treating DNA. Unconverted cytosines are typically identified as being methylated when reviewing data of sequenced, converted DNA. In certain embodiments, low conversion rates of methylated cytosines to uracil is desirable. In certain embodiments, parameters related to DNA conversion are changed to enhance or alter conversion rates. For example, increasing a ratio of bisulfite reagent to DNA may be used to alter conversion rates. In certain embodiments, altering a thermocycler step including a number of cycles (e.g., a number of denaturation and conversion steps), time of a step in a cycle, temperature of a cycle, or combination thereof may be adjusted to affect a conversion rate. In various aspects, methods and compositions of the present invention can be used in combination with biomarkers known in the art, e.g., as disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 10,006,925 and U.S. Patent No. 63/011,970, which are herein incorporated by reference in their entirety. In one aspect, the invention is directed to a method of detecting advanced adenoma in a human subject, the method comprising: determining a methylation status of each of two or more markers identified in DNA from a sample obtained from the subject, and determining whether the subject has advanced adenoma based at least in part on the determined methylation status of each of the two or more markers, wherein each of at least two of the two or more markers is a methylation locus comprising at least a portion of a differentially methylated region (DMR) selected from 10 the DMRs of  FIGS.  3 3 In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining a methylation status of at least a portion of each of the following DMRs of Table 15: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ ID NO. 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 100785927 100786167 SEQ ID NO.: 221 
 14 97412990 97413410 SEQ ID NO.: 374 
 wherein each said portion comprises at least three (3) CpGs. In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining a methylation status of at least a portion of each of the following DMRs of Table 16: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ ID NO. 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 100785927 100786167 SEQ ID NO.: 221 
 14 97412990 97413410 SEQ ID NO.: 374 
 20 3083167 3083587 SEQ ID NO.: 411 
 8 37797956 37798676 SEQ ID NO.: 329 
 wherein each said portion comprises at least three (3) CpGs. In certain embodiments, the method comprises the method comprises determining a methylation status of at least a portion of each of the following DMRs of Table 17: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ ID NO. 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 100785927 100786167 SEQ ID NO.: 221 
 14 97412990 97413410 SEQ ID NO.: 374 
 20 3083167 3083587 SEQ ID NO.: 411 
 8 37797956 37798676 SEQ ID NO.: 329 
 16 57091834 57092014 SEQ ID NO.: 387 
 4 7940020 7940200 SEQ ID NO.: 287 
 19 40811045 40811585 SEQ ID NO.: 403 
 1 154567391 154567691 SEQ ID NO.: 246 
 14 105364294 105364612 SEQ ID NO.: 376 
 9 61862430 61863030 SEQ ID NO.: 338 
 wherein each said portion comprises at least three (3) CpGs. In certain embodiments, the sample is a tissue sample, a blood sample, a stool sample, or a blood product sample. In certain embodiments, the sample comprises DNA that is isolated from blood or plasma of the human subject. In certain embodiments, the DNA is cell-free DNA (cfDNA) of the human subject. In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining the methylation status of each of the one or more markers using next generation sequencing (NGS). In certain embodiments, the method comprises using one or more capture baits that enrich for a target region to capture one or more corresponding methylation locus/loci. In certain embodiments, each methylation locus is equal to or less than 3000 bp in length. In another aspect, the invention is directed to a method of detecting advanced adenoma in a human subject, the method comprising: determining a methylation status for both of the following in deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) from a sample of a human subject: (i) a methylation locus within gene ZAN; and (ii) a methylation locus comprising at least a portion of [chr14:97412990-97413410] (SEQ ID NO.: 374), said portion comprising at least three (3) CpGs of [chr14:97412990-97413410] (SEQ ID NO.: 374), wherein the methylation locus comprising the portion of [chr14:97412990-97413410] (SEQ ID NO.: 374) has a length equal to or less than 5000 bp; and diagnosing advanced adenoma in the human subject based on at least said determined methylation status. In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining a methylation status for a methylation locus within gene ZAN, wherein the methylation locus within gene ZAN comprises at least a portion of [chr7:100785927-100786167] (SEQ ID NO.: 221), said portion comprising at least three (3) CpGs of [chr7:100785927-100786167] (SEQ ID NO.: 221), wherein the methylation locus within gene ZAN has a length equal to or less than 5000 bp. In another aspect, the invention is directed to a method of detecting colorectal cancer in a human subject, the method comprising: determining a methylation status of each of two or more markers identified in DNA from a sample obtained from the subject, and determining whether the subject has colorectal cancer based at least in part on the determined methylation status of each of the two or more markers, wherein each of at least two of the two or more markers is a methylation locus comprising at least a portion of a differentially methylated region (DMR) selected from the DMRs of  FIG.  2 In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining a methylation status of at least a portion of each of the following DMRs of Table 8: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ ID NO. 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 96997902 96999222 SEQ ID NO.: 92 
 8 96145538 96145718 SEQ ID NO.: 108 
 each said portion comprising at least three (3) CpGs. In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining a methylation status of at least a portion of each of the following DMRs of Table 9: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ ID NO. 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 96997902 96999222 SEQ ID NO.: 92 
 8 96145538 96145718 SEQ ID NO.: 108 
 2 100322218 100322818 SEQ ID NO.: 28 
 2 29115776 29116791 SEQ ID NO.: 17 
 each said portion comprising at least three (3) CpGs. In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining a methylation status of at least a portion of each of the following DMRs of Table 10: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ ID NO. 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 96997902 96999222 SEQ ID NO.: 92 
 8 96145538 96145718 SEQ ID NO.: 108 
 2 100322218 100322818 SEQ ID NO.: 28 
 2 29115776 29116791 SEQ ID NO.: 17 
 2 88765502 88766042 SEQ ID NO.: 25 
 4 153249541 153249721 SEQ ID NO.: 55 
 2 86790271 86790811 SEQ ID NO.: 24 
 2 176094518 176094878 SEQ ID NO.: 35 
 3 37453325 37453874 SEQ ID NO.: 41 
 each said portion comprising at least three (3) CpGs. In certain embodiments, the sample is a tissue sample, a blood sample, a stool sample, or a blood product sample. In certain embodiments, the sample comprises DNA that is isolated from blood or plasma of the human subject. In certain embodiments, the DNA is cell-free DNA (cfDNA) of the human subject. In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining the methylation status of each of the one or more markers using next generation sequencing (NGS). In certain embodiments, the method comprises using one or more capture baits that enrich for a target region to capture one or more corresponding methylation locus/loci. In certain embodiments, each methylation locus is equal to or less than 3000 bp in length. In another aspect, the invention is directed to a method of detecting colorectal cancer in a human subject, the method comprising: determining a methylation status for both of the following in deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) from a sample of a human subject: (i) a methylation locus within gene DLX6-AS1; and (ii) a methylation locus within gene GDF6; and diagnosing colorectal cancer in the human subject based on at least said determined methylation status. In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining a methylation status for a methylation locus within gene DLX6-AS1, wherein the methylation locus within gene DLX6-AS1 comprises at least a portion of [chr7: 96997902-96999222] (SEQ ID NO.: 92), said portion comprising at least three (3) CpGs, wherein the methylation locus within gene DLX6-AS1 has a length equal to or less than 5000 bp. In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining a methylation status for a methylation locus within gene GDF6, wherein the methylation locus within gene GDF6 comprises at least a portion of [chr8: 96145538-96145718](SEQ ID NO.: 108), said portion comprising at least three (3) CpGs, wherein the methylation locus within gene GDF6 has a length equal to or less than 5000 bp. In another aspect, the invention is directed to a method comprising: converting unmethylated cytosines of a plurality of DNA fragments in a sample into uracils to generate a plurality of converted DNA fragments, wherein the plurality of DNA fragments were obtained from a biological sample; and sequencing the plurality of converted DNA fragments to generate a plurality of sequence reads, wherein each sequence read corresponds to a converted DNA fragment. In certain embodiments, converting the unmethylated cytosines of the plurality of DNA fragments comprises subjecting the plurality of DNA fragments to bisulfite treatment. In certain embodiments, the plurality of DNA fragments comprises double-stranded DNA fragments and the bisulfite treatment comprises: (i) denaturing the plurality of DNA fragments in the sample to generate a plurality of single stranded DNA fragments, and (ii) converting unmethylated cytosines of the plurality of single stranded DNA fragments into uracils to generate the plurality of converted DNA fragments. In certain embodiments, the denaturing step of (i) is performed at a temperature of 90-97° C. In certain embodiments, the denaturing step of (i) is performed for less than 10 minutes, less than 5 minutes, or less than 2 minutes (e.g., for each repetition if step (i) is repeated). In certain embodiments, the converting step of (ii) is performed at a temperature of 55-65° C. In certain embodiments, the converting step of (ii) is performed for less than 5 hours, less than 4.5 hours, less than 4 hours, less than 3 hours, less than 2 hours, less than 1 hour, less than 30 minutes, or less than 15 minutes, less than 5 min (e.g., for each repetition if step (i) is repeated). In certain embodiments, the denaturing step of (i) is performed at a temperature in a range from 93° C. to 97° C. (e.g., at about 95° C.) for about 1 minute, and the converting step of (ii) is performed at a temperature in a range from 58° C. to 62° C. (e.g., at 60° C.) for about 10 minutes. In certain embodiments, the denaturing step of (i) and the converting step of (ii) are repeated. In certain embodiments, the denaturing step of (i) and the converting step of (ii) are repeated at least five times, at least ten times, at least fifteen times, or at least 20 times. In certain embodiments, converting the unmethylated cytosines of the plurality of DNA fragments comprises subjecting the plurality of DNA fragments to an enzymatic treatment. In certain embodiments, converting the unmethylated cytosines of the plurality of DNA fragments comprises denaturing the plurality of DNA fragments (e.g., using formamide, using sodium hydroxide). In certain embodiments, denaturing the plurality of DNA fragments is performed prior to subjecting the plurality of DNA fragments to the enzymatic treatment. In certain embodiments, the enzymatic treatment comprises contacting the plurality of DNA fragments with a member of the Apolipoprotein B mRNA Editing Catalytic Polypeptide-like (APOBEC) family (e.g., APOBEC-1, APOBEC-2, APOBEC-3A, APOBEC-3B, APOBEC-3C, APOBEC-3D, APOBEC-3E, APOBEC-3F, APOBEC-3G. APOBEC-3H, APOBEC-4, and/or Activation-induced (cytidine) deaminase (AID)) (e.g., wherein the plurality of DNA fragments are contacted with APOBEC, e.g., an APOBEC reaction buffer). In certain embodiments, subjecting the plurality of DNA fragments to an enzymatic treatment is performed for less than 4 hours, less than 3 hours, less than 2 hours, less than 1 hour, less than 30 minutes, or less than 15 minutes (e.g., wherein the plurality of DNA fragments are subjected to treatment with APOBEC from about 2 to about 4 h, e.g., about 3 h). In certain embodiments, the plurality of DNA fragments comprise a plurality of cell-free DNA (cfDNA) fragments. In certain embodiments, the plurality of DNA fragments comprise cellular DNA fragments. In certain embodiments, the plurality of DNA fragments (in total) comprise at least 1 ng, at least 5 ng, at least 10 ng, or at least 20 ng of DNA. In certain embodiments, the plurality of DNA fragments consist essentially of DNA fragments each of which has a length in a range from 100 bp to 600 bp (e.g., from about 125 bp to about 200 bp, or from about 140 bp to about 160 bp (e.g., for cfDNA))(e.g., about 150 bp to about 350 bp, or from about 200 bp to about 300 bp (e.g., for sheared DNA)). In certain embodiments, the plurality of DNA fragments consist essentially of DNA fragments each of which has a length in a range from 1000 bp to 200,000 bp [e.g., an average length of about 10,000 bp (e.g., for genomic DNA, e.g., from a sample comprising tissue or buffy coat)] In certain embodiments, the plurality of sequence reads are at least 50 bp, at least 100 bp, at least 150 bp, at least 200 bp, at least 300 bp, at least 400 bp, at least 500 bp or more. In certain embodiments, the sequencing step comprises pair-end sequencing. In certain embodiments, the sequencing step comprises single-end sequencing. In certain embodiments, the biological sample comprises blood, serum, urine, plasma, or stool. In certain embodiments, the biological sample comprises colorectal cells, polyp cells, glandular cells, or cancer cells. In certain embodiments, the biological sample is a biological sample from a mammal. In certain embodiments, the biological sample is a biological sample from a human. In certain embodiments, the method further comprises fragmenting DNA from the biological sample to generate the plurality of DNA fragments. In certain embodiments, the method comprises attaching adapters to the plurality of converted DNA fragments (e.g., prior to the sequencing step). In certain embodiments, the method comprises attaching an adapter to both the 5′ and 3′ ends of the plurality of converted DNA fragments. In certain embodiments, the attaching step is performed such that at least 40%, at least 50%, at least 60%, at least 70% of the converted DNA fragments are attached to adapter. In certain embodiments, the adapters comprise a sample index. In certain embodiments, the adapters comprise a fragment barcode. In certain embodiments, attaching an adapter comprises ligation. In certain embodiments, attaching an adapter comprises PCR. In certain embodiments, the attaching step is performed such that at least 40%, at least 50%, at least 60%, at least 70% of the converted DNA fragments have an adapter attached at both the 5′ and 3′ ends. In certain embodiments, the adapter at the 5′ end, the 3′ end, or both of the converted single stranded DNA fragments comprises a sample index. In certain embodiments, the adapter at the 5′ end, the 3′ end, or both of converted single stranded DNA fragments comprises a fragment barcode. In certain embodiments, the fragment barcode on each of the converted single stranded DNA fragments is different. In certain embodiments, the fragment barcode on at least two of the converted single stranded DNA fragments is the same, wherein the at least two converted single stranded DNA fragments are not in a Watson-Crick pair with each other in the biological sample. In certain embodiments, the method comprises amplifying the plurality of converted DNA fragments to which adapters have been attached (e.g., wherein the method comprises amplifying a library prepared using converted DNA fragments). In certain embodiments, the method further comprises enriching the converted DNA fragments. In certain embodiments, enriching comprises selectively enriching. In certain embodiments, selectively enriching comprises amplification. In certain embodiments, selectively enriching comprises hybrid capture. In certain embodiments, hybrid capture comprises capturing a subset of converted DNA fragments with capture probes that target one or more genomic regions (e.g., DMRs) in a genome of interest. In certain embodiments, the one or more genomic regions comprise regions comprising one or more CpG sites. In certain embodiments, the one or more genomic regions comprise regions of high GC content (e.g, from about 70% to about 80% GC content) or low GC content (e.g., from about 30% to about 40% GC content). In certain embodiments, the one or more genomic regions comprise regions of GC content ranging from about 50% to about 60% GC content. In certain embodiments, the one or more genomic regions comprise one or more genomic mutations. In certain embodiments, the one or more genomic regions comprise both (i) regions comprising one or more CpG sites and (ii) regions known to include one or more genomic mutations. In certain embodiments, the one or more genomic mutations comprise a single nucleotide variant, an inversion, a deletion, an insertion, a transversion, a translocation, a fusion, a truncation, an amplification, or a combination thereof. In certain embodiments, the one or more genomic regions comprise at least a portion of a NRAS gene, a PTEN gene, a PIK3CA gene, a STK11 gene, a TP53 gene, a KIT gene, a MET gene, a KRAS gene, a BRAF gene, or an EGFR gene. In certain embodiments, the capture probes are overlapping capture probes (e.g., wherein the capture probes are tiled). In certain embodiments, the capture probes are overlapping by at least 10 bp, at least 20 bp, at least 30 bp, at least 40 bp, at least 50 bp, at least 60 bp, at least 70 bp, at least 80 bp, at least 90 bp, or at least 100 bp. In certain embodiments, the capture probes are from about 50 bp to about 200 bp in length (e.g., about 120 bp in length). In certain embodiments, the capture probes comprise at least one capture probe that targets a fully methylated genomic region. In certain embodiments, the capture probes comprise at least one capture probe that targets a fully unmethylated genomic region. In certain embodiments, the capture probes comprise at least one capture probe that targets a partially methylated genomic region (e.g., wherein at least 1 CpG site is methylated). In certain embodiments, the capture probes comprise at least one capture probe that targets a coding strand. In certain embodiments, the capture probes comprise at least one capture probe that targets a template strand (e.g., non-coding strand). In certain embodiments, the capture probes comprise a group of capture probes that target at least one of the one or more genomic regions, wherein the group of capture probes comprise: (i) at least one capture probe that targets a fully methylated template strand of the genomic region; (ii) at least one capture probe that targets a fully methylated coding strand of the genomic region; (iii) at least one capture probe that targets a fully unmethylated template strand of the genomic region; and (iv) at least one capture probe that targets a fully unmethylated coding strand of the genomic region (e.g., wherein the group of capture probes has at least four capture probes targeting the genomic region—one capture probe targeted to a methylated version of the forward (e.g., coding) strand, one capture probe targeted to an unmethylated version of the forward (e.g., coding) strand, one capture probe targeted to a methylated version of the reverse (e.g., non-coding) strand, and one capture probe targeted to an unmethylated version of the reverse (e.g., non-coding) strand). In certain embodiments, the capture probes that target one or more genomic regions in the genome of interest target no more than 1000 similar regions, no more than 500 similar regions, no more than 400 similar regions, no more than 300 similar regions, no more than 200 similar regions, no more than 100 similar regions, no more than 25 similar regions, no more than 10 similar regions, no more than 5 similar regions to the one or more genomic regions in the genome of interest (e.g., wherein the capture probe targeting one of the one or more genomic regions hybridizes to no more than 1000 regions similar to the targeted region of interest) (e.g., wherein the similarity of a target genomic region and another similar region is quantified using a 24 bp sequence window). In certain embodiments, (i) a first set of capture probes targets one or more genomic regions comprising regions that comprise one or more CpG sites and a second set of capture probes targets one or more genomic regions known to include one or more genomic mutations, and (ii) the first set of capture probes does not include overlapping capture probes and the second set of capture probes does include overlapping capture probes. In certain embodiments, the overlapping probes overlap at least 10%, at least 20%, at least 30%, at least 40%, at least 50%, at least 60% or more. In certain embodiments, at least two of the capture probes target the same genomic region. In certain embodiments, at least 2, at least 4, at least 9, at least 10, at least 25, at least 50, at least 75, at least 100, at least 150, at least 200, at least 203, at least 220 genomic regions are targeted by capture probes. In certain embodiments, the capture probes are RNA probes. In certain embodiments, the capture probes are DNA probes. In certain embodiments, each of the one or more genomic regions are equal to or less than 5000 bp, 4000 bp, 3000 bp, 2000 bp, 1000 bp, 950 bp, 900 bp, 850 bp, 800 bp, 750 bp, 700 bp, 650 bp, 600 bp, 550 bp, 500 bp, 450 bp, 400 bp, 350 bp, 300 bp, 250 bp, 200 bp, 150 bp, 100 bp, 50 bp, 40 bp, 30 bp, 20 bp, or 10 bp in length. In certain embodiments, at least one of the one or more genomic regions has a length of at least 5000 bp, 4000 bp, 3000 bp, 2000 bp, 1000 bp, 950 bp, 900 bp, 850 bp, 800 bp, 750 bp, 700 bp, 650 bp, 600 bp, 550 bp, 500 bp, 450 bp, 400 bp, 350 bp, 300 bp, 250 bp, 200 bp, 150 bp, 100 bp, 50 bp, 40 bp, 30 bp, 20 bp, or 10 bp. In certain embodiments, the method further comprises amplifying the converted DNA fragments. In certain embodiments, the step of amplifying occurs after the step of selectively enriching. In certain embodiments, the plurality of converted DNA fragments that are sequenced correspond to at least 30%, at least 40% or at least 50% of the converted DNA fragments that were captured by hybrid capture. In certain embodiments, the method further comprises adding control DNA molecules to the sample, wherein the sequence, number of methylated bases, and number of unmethylated bases of the control DNA molecules had been determined prior to addition of the control DNA to the sample. In certain embodiments, the method further comprises converting unmethylated cytosines of the control DNA molecules in the sample into uracils to generate converted control DNA molecules; and sequencing the converted control DNA molecules to generate a plurality of control sequence reads. In certain embodiments, converting unmethylated cytosines of the control DNA molecules and the DNA fragments occurs simultaneously. In certain embodiments, sequencing the converted control DNA molecules and DNA fragments occurs simultaneously. In certain embodiments, the method further comprises determining the number of unmethylated cytosines of the control DNA molecules that were converted into uracils. In certain embodiments, at least 90%, at least 95%, at least 96%, at least 97%, at least 98%, at least 99% of unmethylated cytosines of the control DNA molecules are converted into uracils. In certain embodiments, the method further comprises determining the number of methylated cytosines of the control DNA molecules that were converted into uracils. In certain embodiments, at most 5%, at most 4%, at most 3%, at most 2% or at most 1% of methylated cytosines of the plurality of DNA fragments are converted into uracils. In another aspect, the invention is directed to a method comprising: mapping a plurality of sequence reads to a reference sequence, wherein the plurality of sequence reads corresponds to a plurality of converted DNA fragments in a sample (e.g., a cfDNA sample from a subject for which it is unknown if the subject is suffering from a disease, disorder or condition associated with aberrant levels of DNA methylation), wherein unmethylated cytosines of a plurality of DNA fragments in the sample had been converted into uracils to generate the plurality of converted DNA fragments, the plurality of sequence reads comprises one or more subsets of sequence reads that (e.g., collectively) map to one or more genomic regions, and each subset of sequence reads comprises sequence reads that map to a unique genomic region (e.g., a DMR); and determining a methylation level for each of the one or more subsets of sequence reads [(e.g., determining a methylation level for each subset of sequence reads) (e.g., determining a methylation level for each genomic region) (e.g., wherein the methylation level for a given subset corresponds to a number of sequence reads in the subset that meet a threshold condition (e.g., normalized by a library size), e.g., wherein the threshold condition comprises a minimum total CpG count and a minimum methylated CpG count (e.g., minimum % CpGs that are methylated)) (e.g., wherein a given read for a DMR does not necessarily cover the entire DMR)]. In certain embodiments, the further comprises: mapping the plurality of sequence reads to a reference sequence, wherein the plurality of sequence reads corresponds to a plurality of converted DNA fragments in a sample, wherein unmethylated cytosines of a plurality of DNA fragments in a sample had been converted into uracils to generate the plurality of converted DNA fragments, the plurality of sequence reads comprises one or more subsets of sequence reads that (e.g., collectively) map to one or more genomic regions, and each subset of sequence reads comprises sequence reads that map to a unique genomic region (e.g., a DMR); and determining a methylation level for each of the one or more subsets of sequence reads [(e.g., determining a methylation level for each subset of sequence reads) (e.g., a methylation level for each genomic region) (e.g., wherein the methylation level for a given subset corresponds to a number of sequence reads in the subset that meet a threshold condition (e.g., normalized by a library size), e.g., wherein the threshold condition comprises a minimum total CpG count and a minimum methylated CpG count (e.g., minimum % CpGs that are methylated)) (e.g., wherein a given read for a DMR does not necessarily cover the entire DMR)] In certain embodiments, each of the one or more genomic regions are equal to or less than 5000 bp, 4000 bp, 3000 bp, 2000 bp, 1000 bp, 950 bp, 900 bp, 850 bp, 800 bp, 750 bp, 700 bp, 650 bp, 600 bp, 550 bp, 500 bp, 450 bp, 400 bp, 350 bp, 300 bp, 250 bp, 200 bp, 150 bp, 100 bp, 50 bp, 40 bp, 30 bp, 20 bp, or 10 bp in length. In certain embodiments, at least one of the one or more genomic regions has a length of at least 5000 bp, 4000 bp, 3000 bp, 2000 bp, 1000 bp, 950 bp, 900 bp, 850 bp, 800 bp, 750 bp, 700 bp, 650 bp, 600 bp, 550 bp, 500 bp, 450 bp, 400 bp, 350 bp, 300 bp, 250 bp, 200 bp, 150 bp, 100 bp, 50 bp, 40 bp, 30 bp, 20 bp, 10 bp, or 8 bp. In certain embodiments, the one or more genomic regions comprise at least 2, at least 4, at least 9, at least 10, at least 25, at least 50, at least 75, at least 100, at least 150, at least 200, at least 203, at least 220 genomic regions. In certain embodiments, the reference sequence is a bisulfite-converted genome. In certain embodiments, the reference sequence is a bisulfite-converted human genome. In certain embodiments, determining a methylation level for each of the one or more subsets of sequence reads comprises: determining, for a given sequence read, a total number of CpG sites and a total number of methylated CpG sites. In certain embodiments, determining a methylation level for each of the one or more subsets of sequence reads comprises: assigning a value (e.g., a binary value) to the given sequence read, wherein the value is determined by a comparison of (i) the total number of CpG sites in the read, or the total number of methylated CpG sites in the read, or a number based on the total number of CpG sites and the total number of methylated CpG sites in the read (e.g., a percentage of the total number of CpG sites that are methylated) with (ii) one or more reference values (e.g., a threshold for total number of CpG sites and a threshold for percentage of CpG sites that are methylated). In certain embodiments, determining the methylation level for a given subset of sequence reads that map to a given genomic region comprises summing the values assigned to sequence reads in the subset, and repeating this determination for each subset of sequence reads (e.g., wherein each subset of sequence reads maps to a unique DMR, and wherein a methylation level is determined for each DMR). In certain embodiments, the method comprises detecting (e.g., using a machine learning algorithm) a disease, disorder or condition associated with aberrant levels of DNA methylation based at least in part on the summed values. In certain embodiments, the method comprises detecting (e.g., using a machine learning algorithm) a disease, disorder or condition associated with aberrant levels of DNA methylation based at least in part on the methylation levels for each of the one or more subsets of sequence reads. In certain embodiments, the method further comprises deduplicating sequencing reads. In certain embodiments, deduplicating sequencing reads is performed prior to determining a methylation level for individual sequence reads in the one or more subsets of sequence reads. In certain embodiments, deduplicating sequence reads includes deduplicating optical duplicate sequence reads. In certain embodiments, the optical duplicate sequence reads share a tile (e.g., a spot on a flow cell used for NGS). In certain embodiments, a distance between the optical duplicate sequence reads is less than 2500 bp, less than 2000 bp, less than 1500 bp, less than 1000 bp, less than 500 bp, less than 100 bp. In certain embodiments, deduplicating sequence reads includes deduplicating PCR duplicate sequencing reads and/or over-sequencing duplicate sequence reads. In certain embodiments, two or more sequence reads are considered PCR duplicate sequencing reads and/or over-sequencing duplicate sequence reads if the two or more sequence reads have (1) a 5′ end coordinate, (2) a 3′ end coordinate, and (3) a methylation status of each given specific CpG location on the read are the same (e.g., a binary value assigned to each given specific CpG location on the read is the same), wherein the 5′ end coordinate and the 3′ end coordinate of a sequence read correspond to the position at which the 5′-most nucleotide and the 3′-most nucleotide, respectively, of the sequence read map to the reference sequence. In certain embodiments, deduplicating sequence reads does not comprise removing duplicate sequence reads that have a different methylation status at a specific CpG location. In certain embodiments, deduplicating sequence reads includes deduplication of sequence reads corresponding to strands found in a Watson-Crick pair with each other in a biological sample. In certain embodiments, the method comprises removing one or more nucleic acid bases from one or both ends of each of the plurality of sequence reads prior to mapping (e.g., wherein the one or more nucleic acid bases correspond to an adapter sequence, index, and/or barcode). In certain embodiments, the method further comprises determining a GC dropout rate for each subset of sequence reads. In certain embodiments, the GC dropout rate is less than 6%. In certain embodiments, mapping the plurality of sequence reads to the reference sequence further comprises determining an on-target ratio (e.g., percentage), wherein the on-target ratio is a ratio of the number of on-target and/or near-target bases of the plurality of sequence reads to the total number of mapped bases of the plurality of sequence reads. In certain embodiments, the on-target ratio is at least 10%, least 20%, least 30%, least 40%, least 50%, least 60%, least 70%, at least 80%, at least 90%, at least 95%, at least 99%. In certain embodiments, mapping the plurality of sequence reads to the reference sequence further comprises determining an off-target ratio (e.g., percentage), wherein the off-target ratio is a ratio of the number of off-target bases of the plurality of sequence reads to the total number of mapped bases of the plurality of sequence reads. In certain embodiments, the off-target ratio is less than 95%, less than 90%, less than 85%, less than 80%, less than 70%, less than 60%, less than 50%, less than 40%, less than 30%, less than 20%, less than 10%, less than 5%. In certain embodiments, mapping the plurality of sequence reads to the reference sequence further comprises determining a mapping quality score for each of the plurality of mapped sequence reads, wherein the mapping quality score is a value corresponding to the probability that a sequence read is misplaced (e.g., wherein the mapping position of the sequence read is incorrect) (e.g., wherein the mapping quality score is a function of the logarithm of the probability that the sequence read is misplaced). In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining a methylation level for the sequence reads in the one or more subsets if the mapping quality score for the sequence read is at least 10, at least 15, at least 20, at least 25, at least 30. In certain embodiments, the mapping quality score is a single end mapping quality score. In certain embodiments, the mapping quality score is a paired-end mapping quality score. In certain embodiments, the method further comprises detecting the presence or absence of one or more mutations based on sequence information from the plurality of sequence reads. In certain embodiments, the one or more genomic mutations comprise a single nucleotide variant, an inversion, a deletion, an insertion, a transversion, a translocation, a fusion, a truncation, an amplification, or a combination thereof. In certain embodiments, the one or more mutations are present in one or more of an NRAS gene, PTEN gene, PIK3CA gene, STK11 gene, TP53 gene, KIT gene, MET gene, KRAS gene, BRAF gene, and EGFR gene. In certain embodiments, one of the one or more genomic regions is a methylation locus comprising at least a portion of (e.g., at least 5%, at least 10%, at least 15%, at least 20%, at least 25%, at least 30%, at least 35%, at least 40%, at least 45%, at least 50%, at least 55%, at least 60%, at least 65%, at least 70%, at least 75%, at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, or at least 95% of) a differentially methylated region (DMR) selected from the DMRs of  FIG.  2 FIGS.  3 3 In certain embodiments, the one or more genomic regions comprise a methylation locus within gene DLX6-AS1; and a methylation locus within gene GDF6. In certain embodiments, the one or more genomic regions comprise a methylation locus within gene ZAN. In certain embodiments, the one or more genomic regions further comprise a methylation locus within [chr14:97412990-97413410](SEQ ID NO: 374). In certain embodiments, each of the one or more genomic regions are equal to or less than 5000 bp, 4000 bp, 3000 bp, 2000 bp, 1000 bp, 950 bp, 900 bp, 850 bp, 800 bp, 750 bp, 700 bp, 650 bp, 600 bp, 550 bp, 500 bp, 450 bp, 400 bp, 350 bp, 300 bp, 250 bp, 200 bp, 150 bp, 100 bp, 50 bp, 40 bp, 30 bp, 20 bp, or 10 bp in length. In certain embodiments, at least one of the one or more genomic regions has a length of at least 5000 bp, 4000 bp, 3000 bp, 2000 bp, 1000 bp, 950 bp, 900 bp, 850 bp, 800 bp, 750 bp, 700 bp, 650 bp, 600 bp, 550 bp, 500 bp, 450 bp, 400 bp, 350 bp, 300 bp, 250 bp, 200 bp, 150 bp, 100 bp, 50 bp, 40 bp, 30 bp, 20 bp, or 10 bp. In certain embodiments, the method is a method of detecting one or more biomarkers associated with cancer. In certain embodiments, the method is a method of detecting one or more biomarkers associated with advanced adenoma. In certain embodiments, the method is a method of detecting one or more biomarkers associated with colorectal cancer. In certain embodiments, the method is a method of detecting one or more biomarkers associated with a disease, disorder or condition associated with aberrant levels of DNA methylation. In certain embodiments, the disease, disorder or condition is or comprises a gastrointestinal disorder or a neurodegenerative disorder. In another aspect, the invention is directed to a method of detecting (e.g., screening for) colorectal cancer in a human subject, the method comprising: determining a methylation status of each of at least two or more markers identified in DNA from a sample obtained from the subject, and determining whether the subject has colorectal cancer based at least in part on the determined methylation status of each of the two or more markers, wherein each of the two or more markers is a methylation locus comprising at least a portion of (e.g., at least 5%, at least 10%, at least 15%, at least 20%, at least 25%, at least 30%, at least 35%, at least 40%, at least 45%, at least 50%, at least 55%, at least 60%, at least 65%, at least 70%, at least 75%, at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, or at least 95% of) a differentially methylated region (DMR) selected from the DMRs of  FIG.  2 In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining a methylation status of at least a portion of (e.g., at least 5%, at least 10%, at least 15%, at least 20%, at least 25%, at least 30%, at least 35%, at least 40%, at least 45%, at least 50%, at least 55%, at least 60%, at least 65%, at least 70%, at least 75%, at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, or at least 95% of) each of the following DMRs: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ ID NO. 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 96997902 96999222 SEQ ID NO.: 92 
 8 96145538 96145718 SEQ ID NO.: 108 
 In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining a methylation status of at least a portion of (e.g., at least 5%, at least 10%, at least 15%, at least 20%, at least 25%, at least 30%, at least 35%, at least 40%, at least 45%, at least 50%, at least 55%, at least 60%, at least 65%, at least 70%, at least 75%, at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, or at least 95% of) each of the following DMRs: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Chr start end SEQ ID NO. 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 96997902 96999222 SEQ ID NO.: 92 
 8 96145538 96145718 SEQ ID NO.: 108 
 2 100322218 100322818 SEQ ID NO.: 28 
 2 29115776 29116791 SEQ ID NO.: 17 
 In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining a methylation status of at least a portion of (e.g., at least 5%, at least 10%, at least 15%, at least 20%, at least 25%, at least 30%, at least 35%, at least 40%, at least 45%, at least 50%, at least 55%, at least 60%, at least 65%, at least 70%, at least 75%, at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, or at least 95% of) each of the following DMRs: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ ID NO. 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 96997902 96999222 SEQ ID NO.: 92 
 8 96145538 96145718 SEQ ID NO.: 108 
 2 100322218 100322818 SEQ ID NO.: 28 
 2 29115776 29116791 SEQ ID NO.: 17 
 2 88765502 88766042 SEQ ID NO.: 25 
 4 153249541 153249721 SEQ ID NO.: 55 
 2 86790271 86790811 SEQ ID NO.: 24 
 2 176094518 176094878 SEQ ID NO.: 35 
 3 37453325 37453874 SEQ ID NO.: 41 
 In certain embodiments, the sample is a tissue sample (e.g., colorectal tissue, e.g., a polyp, an adenoma), a blood sample, a stool sample, or a blood product sample (e.g., a plasma sample). In certain embodiments, the sample comprises DNA that is isolated from blood or plasma of the human subject. In certain embodiments, the DNA is cell-free DNA (cfDNA) of the human subject. In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining the methylation status of each of the one or more markers using next generation sequencing (NGS). In certain embodiments, the method comprises using one or more capture baits that enrich for a target region to capture one or more corresponding methylation locus/loci. In certain embodiments, each methylation locus is equal to or less than 5000 bp in length. In certain embodiments, the method further comprises for a subject determined by the method to have colorectal cancer, determining (e.g., simultaneously determining) a presence of a mutation (e.g., a single nucleotide variation) in one or more mutation markers identified in a sample obtained from the subject. In certain embodiments, the one or more mutation markers comprise at least a portion of one or more of the following genes: NRAS, PTEN, KRAS, PIK3CA, EGFR, BRAF, STK11, TP53, KIT, and MET. In certain embodiments, the method further comprises classifying the colorectal cancer based on the presence of one or more identified mutations in the mutation markers. In certain embodiments, the classifying comprises identifying that the colorectal cancer is treatable by a particular therapy (e.g., therapeutic agent, drug, etc.) based at least in part on the one or more identified mutations in the mutation markers. In another aspect, the invention is directed to a method of detecting colorectal cancer in a human subject, the method comprising: determining a methylation status for both of the following in deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) from a sample of a human subject: (i) a methylation locus within gene DLX6-AS1; and (ii) a methylation locus within gene GDF6; and diagnosing colorectal cancer in the human subject based on at least said determined methylation status. In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining a methylation status for a methylation locus within gene DLX6-AS1, wherein the methylation locus within gene DLX6-AS1 comprises at least a portion of (e.g., at least 5%, at least 10%, at least 15%, at least 20%, at least 25%, at least 30%, at least 35%, at least 40%, at least 45%, at least 50%, at least 55%, at least 60%, at least 65%, at least 70%, at least 75%, at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, or at least 95% of) [chr7: 96997902-96999222] (SEQ ID NO.: 92). In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining a methylation status for a methylation locus within gene GDF6, wherein the methylation locus within gene GDF6 comprises at least a portion of (e.g., at least 5%, at least 10%, at least 15%, at least 20%, at least 25%, at least 30%, at least 35%, at least 40%, at least 45%, at least 50%, at least 55%, at least 60%, at least 65%, at least 70%, at least 75%, at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, or at least 95% of) [chr8: 96145538-96145718](SEQ ID NO.: 108). In certain embodiments, the method further comprises identifying the presence of one or more mutations (e.g., a single nucleotide variation) in one or more of the following genes: NRAS, PTEN, KRAS, PIK3CA, EGFR, BRAF, STK11, TP53, KIT, and MET. In certain embodiments, the method further comprises classifying the colorectal cancer based at least in part on the identified mutation(s). In certain embodiments, the classifying comprises identifying that the colorectal cancer is treatable by a particular therapy (e.g., therapeutic agent, drug, etc.) based at least in part on the identified mutation(s). In certain embodiments, the DNA is cell-free DNA of the human subject. In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining the methylation status is determined using next generation sequencing (NGS). In certain embodiments, the DNA is isolated from blood or plasma of the human subject. In certain embodiments, each methylation locus is equal to or less than 5000 bp in length. In certain embodiments, the methylation status is a read-wise methylation value. In another aspect, the invention is directed to a method of detecting (e.g., screening for) advanced adenoma in a human subject, the method comprising: determining a methylation status of each of at least two or more markers identified in DNA from a sample obtained from the subject, and determining whether the subject has advanced adenoma based at least in part on the determined methylation status of each of the two or more markers, wherein each of the two or more markers is a methylation locus comprising at least a portion of (e.g., at least 5%, at least 10%, at least 15%, at least 20%, at least 25%, at least 30%, at least 35%, at least 40%, at least 45%, at least 50%, at least 55%, at least 60%, at least 65%, at least 70%, at least 75%, at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, or at least 95% of) a differentially methylated region (DMR) selected from the DMRs of  FIGS.  3 3 In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining a methylation status of at least a portion of (e.g., at least 5%, at least 10%, at least 15%, at least 20%, at least 25%, at least 30%, at least 35%, at least 40%, at least 45%, at least 50%, at least 55%, at least 60%, at least 65%, at least 70%, at least 75%, at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, or at least 95% of) each of the following DMRs: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Chr start end SEQ ID NO. 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 100785927 100786167 SEQ ID NO.:221 
 14 97412990 97413410 SEQ ID NO.: 374 
 In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining a methylation status of at least a portion of (e.g., at least 5%, at least 10%, at least 15%, at least 20%, at least 25%, at least 30%, at least 35%, at least 40%, at least 45%, at least 50%, at least 55%, at least 60%, at least 65%, at least 70%, at least 75%, at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, or at least 95% of) each of the following DMRs: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ ID NO. 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 100785927 100786167 SEQ ID NO.: 221 
 14 97412990 97413410 SEQ ID NO.: 374 
 20 3083167 3083587 SEQ ID NO.: 411 
 8 37797956 37798676 SEQ ID NO.: 329 
 In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining a methylation status of at least a portion of (e.g., at least 5%, at least 10%, at least 15%, at least 20%, at least 25%, at least 30%, at least 35%, at least 40%, at least 45%, at least 50%, at least 55%, at least 60%, at least 65%, at least 70%, at least 75%, at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, or at least 95% of) each of the following DMRs: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Chr start end SEQ ID NO. 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 100785927 100786167 SEQ ID NO.: 221 
 14 97412990 97413410 SEQ ID NO.: 374 
 20 3083167 3083587 SEQ ID NO.: 411 
 8 37797956 37798676 SEQ ID NO.: 329 
 16 57091834 57092014 SEQ ID NO.: 387 
 4 7940020 7940200 SEQ ID NO.: 287 
 19 40811045 40811585 SEQ ID NO.: 403 
 1 154567391 154567691 SEQ ID NO.: 246 
 14 105364294 105364612 SEQ ID NO.: 376 
 9 61862430 61863030 SEQ ID NO.: 338 
 In certain embodiments, the sample is a tissue sample (e.g., colorectal tissue, e.g., a polyp, an adenoma), a blood sample, a stool sample, or a blood product sample (e.g., a plasma sample) In certain embodiments, the sample comprises DNA that is isolated from blood or plasma of the human subject. In certain embodiments, the DNA is cell-free DNA (cfDNA) of the human subject. In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining the methylation status of each of the one or more markers using next generation sequencing (NGS). In certain embodiments, the method comprises using one or more capture baits that enrich for a target region to capture one or more corresponding methylation locus/loci. In certain embodiments, each methylation locus is equal to or less than 5000 bp in length. In certain embodiments, the method further comprises for a subject determined by the method to have advanced adenoma, determining (e.g., simultaneously determining) a presence of a mutation (e.g., a single nucleotide variation) in one or more mutation markers identified in a sample obtained from the subject. In certain embodiments, the one or more mutation markers comprise at least a portion of one or more of the following genes: NRAS, PTEN, KRAS, PIK3CA, EGFR, BRAF, STK11, TP53, KIT, and MET. In certain embodiments, the method further comprises classifying the advanced adenoma based on the presence of one or more identified mutations in the mutation markers. In certain embodiments, the classifying comprises identifying that the advanced adenoma is treatable by a particular therapy (e.g., therapeutic agent, drug, etc.) based at least in part on the one or more identified mutations in the mutation markers. In another aspect, the invention is directed to a method of detecting advanced adenoma in a human subject, the method comprising: determining a methylation status for both of the following in deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) from a sample of a human subject: (i) a methylation locus within gene ZAN; and (ii) a methylation locus comprising at least a portion of (e.g., at least 5%, at least 10%, at least 15%, at least 20%, at least 25%, at least 30%, at least 35%, at least 40%, at least 45%, at least 50%, at least 55%, at least 60%, at least 65%, at least 70%, at least 75%, at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, or at least 95% of) [chr14:97412990-97413410](SEQ ID NO.: 374); and diagnosing advanced adenoma in the human subject based on at least said determined methylation status. In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining a methylation status for a methylation locus within gene ZAN, wherein the methylation locus within gene ZAN comprises at least a portion of (e.g., at least 5%, at least 10%, at least 15%, at least 20%, at least 25%, at least 30%, at least 35%, at least 40%, at least 45%, at least 50%, at least 55%, at least 60%, at least 65%, at least 70%, at least 75%, at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, or at least 95% of) [chr7:100785927-100786167](SEQ ID NO.: 221). In certain embodiments, the method further comprises identifying the presence of one or more mutations (e.g., a single nucleotide variation) in one or more of the following genes: NRAS, PTEN, KRAS, PIK3CA, EGFR, BRAF, STK11, TP53, KIT, and MET. In certain embodiments, the method further comprises classifying the advanced adenoma based at least in part on the identified mutation(s). In certain embodiments, the classifying comprises identifying that the advanced adenoma is treatable by a particular therapy (e.g., therapeutic agent, drug, etc.) based at least in part on the identified mutation(s). In certain embodiments, the DNA is cell-free DNA of the human subject. In certain embodiments, the method comprises determining the methylation status is determined using next generation sequencing (NGS). In certain embodiments, the DNA is isolated from blood or plasma of the human subject. In certain embodiments, each methylation locus is equal to or less than 5000 bp in length. In certain embodiments, the methylation status is a read-wise methylation value. In other aspects, the invention is directed to a system for performing any of the methods referred to in the preceding paragraphs, the system comprising a processor; and a memory having instructions thereon, the instructions, when executed by the processor, causing the processor to perform one or more (up to all) steps of the method. Definitions A or An: The articles “a” and “an” are used herein to refer to one or to more than one (i.e., to at least one) of the grammatical object of the article. By way of example, “an element” refers to one element or more than one element. About: The term “about”, when used herein in reference to a value, refers to a value that is similar, in context, to the referenced value. In general, those skilled in the art, familiar with the context, will appreciate the relevant degree of variance encompassed by “about” in that context. For example, in some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, the term “about” can encompass a range of values that within 25%, 20%, 19%, 18%, 17%, 16%, 15%, 14%, 13%, 12%, 11%, 10%, 9%, 8%, 7%, 6%, 5%, 4%, 3%, 2%, 1%, or with a fraction of a percent, of the referred value. Advanced Adenoma: As used herein, the term “advanced adenoma” typically refers to refer to cells that exhibit first indications of relatively abnormal, uncontrolled, and/or autonomous growth but are not yet classified as cancerous alterations. In the context of colon tissue, “advanced adenoma” refers to neoplastic growth that shows signs of high grade dysplasia, and/or size that is >=10 mm, and/or villious histological type, and/or serrated histological type with any type of dysplasia. Administration: As used herein, the term “administration” typically refers to the administration of a composition to a subject or system, for example to achieve delivery of an agent that is, is included in, or is otherwise delivered by, the composition. Agent: As used herein, the term “agent” refers to an entity (e.g., for example, a small molecule, peptide, polypeptide, nucleic acid, lipid, polysaccharide, complex, combination, mixture, system, or phenomenon such as heat, electric current, electric field, magnetic force, magnetic field, etc.). Amelioration: As used herein, the term “amelioration” refers to the prevention, reduction, palliation, or improvement of a state of a subject. Amelioration includes, but does not require, complete recovery or complete prevention of a disease, disorder or condition. Amplicon or amplicon molecule: As used herein, the term “amplicon” or “amplicon molecule” refers to a nucleic acid molecule generated by transcription from a template nucleic acid molecule, or a nucleic acid molecule having a sequence complementary thereto, or a double-stranded nucleic acid including any such nucleic acid molecule. Transcription can be initiated from a primer. Amplification: As used herein, the term “amplification” refers to the use of a template nucleic acid molecule in combination with various reagents to generate further nucleic acid molecules from the template nucleic acid molecule, which further nucleic acid molecules may be identical to or similar to (e.g., at least 70% identical, e.g., at least 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 91%, 92%, 93%, 94%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, or 100% identical to) a segment of the template nucleic acid molecule and/or a sequence complementary thereto. Amplification reaction mixture: As used herein, the terms “amplification reaction mixture” or “amplification reaction” refer to a template nucleic acid molecule together with reagents sufficient for amplification of the template nucleic acid molecule. Biological Sample: As used herein, the term “biological sample” typically refers to a sample obtained or derived from a biological source (e.g., a tissue or organism or cell culture) of interest, as described herein. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a biological source is or includes an organism, such as an animal or human. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a biological sample is or include biological tissue or fluid. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a biological sample can be or include cells, tissue, or bodily fluid. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a biological sample can be or include blood, blood cells, cell-free DNA, free floating nucleic acids, ascites, biopsy samples, surgical specimens, cell-containing body fluids, sputum, saliva, feces, urine, cerebrospinal fluid, peritoneal fluid, pleural fluid, lymph, gynecological fluids, secretions, excretions, skin swabs, vaginal swabs, oral swabs, nasal swabs, washings or lavages such as a ductal lavages or broncheoalveolar lavages, aspirates, scrapings, bone marrow. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a biological sample is or includes cells obtained from a single subject or from a plurality of subjects. A sample can be a “primary sample” obtained directly from a biological source, or can be a “processed sample.” A biological sample can also be referred to as a “sample.” Biomarker: As used herein, the term “biomarker,” consistent with its use in the art, refers to a to an entity whose presence, level, or form, correlates with a particular biological event or state of interest, so that it is considered to be a “marker” of that event or state. Those of skill in the art will appreciate, for instance, in the context of a DNA biomarker, that a biomarker can be or include a locus (such as one or more methylation loci) and/or the status of a locus (e.g., the status of one or more methylation loci). To give but a few examples of biomarkers, in some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a biomarker can be or include a marker for a particular disease, disorder or condition, or can be a marker for qualitative of quantitative probability that a particular disease, disorder or condition can develop, occur, or reoccur, e.g., in a subject. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a biomarker can be or include a marker for a particular therapeutic outcome, or qualitative of quantitative probability thereof. Thus, in various embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a biomarker can be predictive, prognostic, and/or diagnostic, of the relevant biological event or state of interest. A biomarker can be an entity of any chemical class. For example, in some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a biomarker can be or include a nucleic acid, a polypeptide, a lipid, a carbohydrate, a small molecule, an inorganic agent (e.g., a metal or ion), or a combination thereof. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a biomarker is a cell surface marker. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a biomarker is intracellular. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a biomarker is found outside of cells (e.g., is secreted or is otherwise generated or present outside of cells, e.g., in a body fluid such as blood, urine, tears, saliva, cerebrospinal fluid, and the like). In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a biomarker is methylation status of a methylation locus. In some instances, e.g., as set forth herein, a biomarker may be referred to as a “marker.” To give but one example of a biomarker, in some embodiments e.g., as set forth herein, the term refers to expression of a product encoded by a gene, expression of which is characteristic of a particular tumor, tumor subclass, stage of tumor, etc. Alternatively or additionally, in some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, presence or level of a particular marker can correlate with activity (or activity level) of a particular signaling pathway, for example, of a signaling pathway the activity of which is characteristic of a particular class of tumors. Those of skill in the art will appreciate that a biomarker may be individually determinative of a particular biological event or state of interest, or may represent or contribute to a determination of the statistical probability of a particular biological event or state of interest. Those of skill in the art will appreciate that markers may differ in their specificity and/or sensitivity as related to a particular biological event or state of interest. Blood component: As used herein, the term “blood component” refers to any component of whole blood, including red blood cells, white blood cells, plasma, platelets, endothelial cells, mesothelial cells, epithelial cells, and cell-free DNA. Blood components also include the components of plasma, including proteins, metabolites, lipids, nucleic acids, and carbohydrates, and any other cells that can be present in blood, e.g., due to pregnancy, organ transplant, infection, injury, or disease. Cancer: As used herein, the terms “cancer,” “malignancy,” “neoplasm,” “tumor,” and “carcinoma,” are used interchangeably to refer to a disease, disorder, or condition in which cells exhibit or exhibited relatively abnormal, uncontrolled, and/or autonomous growth, so that they display or displayed an abnormally elevated proliferation rate and/or aberrant growth phenotype. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a cancer can include one or more tumors. In some embodiments e.g., as set forth herein, a cancer can be or include cells that are precancerous (e.g., benign), malignant, pre-metastatic, metastatic, and/or non-metastatic. In some embodiments e.g., as set forth herein, a cancer can be or include a solid tumor. In some embodiments e.g., as set forth herein, a cancer can be or include a hematologic tumor. In general, examples of different types of cancers known in the art include, for example, colorectal cancer, hematopoietic cancers including leukemias, lymphomas (Hodgkin's and non-Hodgkin's), myelomas and myeloproliferative disorders; sarcomas, melanomas, adenomas, carcinomas of solid tissue, squamous cell carcinomas of the mouth, throat, larynx, and lung, liver cancer, genitourinary cancers such as prostate, cervical, bladder, uterine, and endometrial cancer and renal cell carcinomas, bone cancer, pancreatic cancer, skin cancer, cutaneous or intraocular melanoma, cancer of the endocrine system, cancer of the thyroid gland, cancer of the parathyroid gland, head and neck cancers, breast cancer, gastro-intestinal cancers and nervous system cancers, benign lesions such as papillomas, and the like. Chemotherapeutic agent: As used herein, the term “chemotherapeutic agent,” consistent with its use in the art, refers to one or more agents known, or having characteristics known to, treat or contribute to the treatment of cancer. In particular, chemotherapeutic agents include pro-apoptotic, cytostatic, and/or cytotoxic agents. In some embodiments e.g., as set forth herein, a chemotherapeutic agent can be or include alkylating agents, anthracyclines, cytoskeletal disruptors (e.g., microtubule targeting moieties such as taxanes, maytansine, and analogs thereof, of), epothilones, histone deacetylase inhibitors HDACs), topoisomerase inhibitors (e.g., inhibitors of topoisomerase I and/or topoisomerase II), kinase inhibitors, nucleotide analogs or nucleotide precursor analogs, peptide antibiotics, platinum-based agents, retinoids,  vinca  Combination therapy: As used herein, the term “combination therapy” refers to administration to a subject of to two or more agents or regimens such that the two or more agents or regimens together treat a disease, condition, or disorder of the subject. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, the two or more therapeutic agents or regimens can be administered simultaneously, sequentially, or in overlapping dosing regimens. Those of skill in the art will appreciate that combination therapy includes but does not require that the two agents or regimens be administered together in a single composition, nor at the same time. Comparable: As used herein, the term “comparable” refers to members within sets of two or more conditions, circumstances, agents, entities, populations, etc., that may not be identical to one another but that are sufficiently similar to permit comparison there between, such that one of skill in the art will appreciate that conclusions can reasonably be drawn based on differences or similarities observed. In some embodiments, e.g., as sort forth herein, comparable sets of conditions, circumstances, agents, entities, populations, etc. are typically characterized by a plurality of substantially identical features and zero, one, or a plurality of differing features. Those of ordinary skill in the art will understand, in context, what degree of identity is required to render members of a set comparable. For example, those of ordinary skill in the art will appreciate that members of sets of conditions, circumstances, agents, entities, populations, etc., are comparable to one another when characterized by a sufficient number and type of substantially identical features to warrant a reasonable conclusion that differences observed can be attributed in whole or part to non-identical features thereof. Corresponding to: As used herein, the term “corresponding to” refers to a relationship between two or more entities. For example, the term “corresponding to” may be used to designate the position/identity of a structural element in a compound or composition relative to another compound or composition (e.g., to an appropriate reference compound or composition). For example, in some embodiments, a monomeric residue in a polymer (e.g., a nucleic acid residue in a polynucleotide) may be identified as “corresponding to” a residue in an appropriate reference polymer. Those of ordinary skill in the art readily appreciate how to identify “corresponding” nucleic acids. For example, those skilled in the art will be aware of various sequence alignment strategies, including software programs such as, for example, BLAST, CS-BLAST, CUSASW++, DIAMOND, FASTA, GGSEARCH/GLSEARCH, Genoogle, HMMER, HHpred/HHsearch, IDF, Infernal, KLAST, USEARCH, parasail, PSI-BLAST, PSI-Search, ScalaBLAST, Sequilab, SAM, SSEARCH, SWAPHI, SWAPHI-LS, SWIMM, or SWIPE that can be utilized, for example, to identify “corresponding” residues in nucleic acids in accordance with the present disclosure. Those of skill in the art will also appreciate that, in some instances, the term “corresponding to” may be used to describe an event or entity that shares a relevant similarity with another event or entity (e.g., an appropriate reference event or entity). To give but one example, a fragment of DNA in a sample from a subject may be described as “corresponding to” a gene in order to indicate, in some embodiments, that it shows a particular degree of sequence identity or homology, or shares a particular characteristic sequence element. Detectable moiety: The term “detectable moiety” as used herein refers to any element, molecule, functional group, compound, fragment, or other moiety that is detectable. In some embodiments, e.g., as sort forth herein, a detectable moiety is provided or utilized alone. In some embodiments, e.g., as sort forth herein, a detectable moiety is provided and/or utilized in association with (e.g., joined to) another agent. Examples of detectable moieties include, but are not limited to, various ligands, radionuclides (e.g.,  3 14 18 19 32 35 135 125 123 64 187 111 90 99m 177 89 Diagnosis: As used herein, the term “Diagnosis” refers to determining whether, and/or the qualitative of quantitative probability that, a subject has or will develop a disease, disorder, condition, or state. For example, in diagnosis of cancer, diagnosis can include a determination regarding the risk, type, stage, malignancy, or other classification of a cancer. In some instances, e.g., as sort forth herein, a diagnosis can be or include a determination relating to prognosis and/or likely response to one or more general or particular therapeutic agents or regimens. Diagnostic information: As used herein, the term “diagnostic information” refers to information useful in providing a diagnosis. Diagnostic information can include, without limitation, biomarker status information. Differentially methylated: As used herein, the term “differentially methylated” describes a methylation site for which the methylation status differs between a first condition and a second condition. A methylation site that is differentially methylated can be referred to as a differentially methylated site. In some instances, e.g., as sort forth herein, a DMR is defined by the amplicon produced by amplification using oligonucleotide primers, e.g., a pair of oligonucleotide primers selected for amplification of the DMR or for amplification of a DNA region of interest present in the amplicon. In some instances, e.g., as sort forth herein, a DMR is defined as a DNA region amplified by a pair of oligonucleotide primers, including the region having the sequence of, or a sequence complementary to, the oligonucleotide primers. In some instances, e.g., as sort forth herein, a DMR is defined as a DNA region amplified by a pair of oligonucleotide primers, excluding the region having the sequence of, or a sequence complementary to, the oligonucleotide primers. As used herein, a specifically provided DMR can be unambiguously identified by the name of an associated gene followed by three digits of a starting position, such that, for example, a DMR starting at position 100785927 of ZAN can be identified as ZAN '927. As used herein, a specifically provided DMR can be unambiguously identified by the chromosome number followed by the starting and ending positions of a DMR. Differentially methylated region: As used herein, the term “differentially methylated region” (DMR) refers to a DNA region that includes one or more differentially methylated sites. A DMR that includes a greater number or frequency of methylated sites under a selected condition of interest, such as a cancerous state, can be referred to as a hypermethylated DMR. A DMR that includes a smaller number or frequency of methylated sites under a selected condition of interest, such as a cancerous state, can be referred to as a hypomethylated DMR. A DMR that is a methylation biomarker for colorectal cancer can be referred to as a colorectal cancer DMR. A DMR that is a methylation biomarker for advanced adenoma can be referred to as an advanced adenoma DMR. In some instances, e.g., as set forth herein, a DMR can be a single nucleotide, which single nucleotide is a methylation site. In some instances, e.g., as set forth herein, a DMR has a length of at least 10, at least 15, at least 20, at least 30, at least 50, or at least 75 base pairs. In some instances, e.g., as set forth herein, a DMR has a length of equal to or less than 5000 bp, 4,000 bp, 3,000 bp, 2,000 bp, 1,000 bp, 950 bp, 900 bp, 850 bp, 800 bp, 750 bp, 700 bp, 650 bp, 600 bp, 550 bp, 500 bp, 450 bp, 400 bp, 350 bp, 300 bp, 250 bp, 200 bp, 150 bp, 100 bp, 50 bp, 40 bp, 30 bp, 20 bp, or 10 bp (e.g., where methylation status is determined using quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR), e.g., methylation sensitive restriction enzyme quantitative polymerase chain reaction (MSRE-qPCR)) (e.g., where methylation status is determined using a next generation sequencing technique, e.g., targeted next generation sequencing). In some instances, e.g., as set forth herein, a DMR that is a methylation biomarker for advanced adenoma may also be useful in identification of colorectal cancer and vice versa. DNA region: As used herein, “DNA region” refers to any contiguous portion of a larger DNA molecule. Those of skill in the art will be familiar with techniques for determining whether a first DNA region and a second DNA region correspond, based, e.g., on sequence similarity (e.g, sequence identity or homology) of the first and second DNA regions and/or context (e.g., the sequence identity or homology of nucleic acids upstream and/or downstream of the first and second DNA regions). Except as otherwise specified herein, sequences found in or relating to humans (e.g., that hybridize to human DNA) are found in, based on, and/or derived from the example representative human genome sequence commonly referred to, and known to those of skill in the art, as  Homo sapiens  Dosing regimen: As used herein, the term “dosing regimen” can refer to a set of one or more same or different unit doses administered to a subject, typically including a plurality of unit doses administration of each of which is separated from administration of the others by a period of time. In various embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, one or more or all unit doses of a dosing regimen may be the same or can vary (e.g., increase over time, decrease over time, or be adjusted in accordance with the subject and/or with a medical practitioner's determination). In various embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, one or more or all of the periods of time between each dose may be the same or can vary (e.g., increase over time, decrease over time, or be adjusted in accordance with the subject and/or with a medical practitioner's determination). In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a given therapeutic agent has a recommended dosing regimen, which can involve one or more doses. Typically, at least one recommended dosing regimen of a marketed drug is known to those of skill in the art. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a dosing regimen is correlated with a desired or beneficial outcome when administered across a relevant population (i.e., is a therapeutic dosing regimen). Downstream: As used herein, the term “downstream” means that a first DNA region is closer, relative to a second DNA region, to the C-terminus of a nucleic acid that includes the first DNA region and the second DNA region. Gene: As used herein, the term “gene” refers to a single DNA region, e.g., in a chromosome, that includes a coding sequence that encodes a product (e.g., an RNA product and/or a polypeptide product), together with all, some, or none of the DNA sequences that contribute to regulation of the expression of coding sequence. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a gene includes one or more non-coding sequences. In some particular embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a gene includes exonic and intronic sequences. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a gene includes one or more regulatory elements that, for example, can control or impact one or more aspects of gene expression (e.g., cell-type-specific expression, inducible expression, etc.). In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a gene includes a promoter. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a gene includes one or both of a (i) DNA nucleotides extending a predetermined number of nucleotides upstream of the coding sequence and (ii) DNA nucleotides extending a predetermined number of nucleotides downstream of the coding sequence. In various embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, the predetermined number of nucleotides can be 500 bp, 1 kb, 2 kb, 3 kb, 4 kb, 5 kb, 10 kb, 20 kb, 30 kb, 40 kb, 50 kb, 75 kb, or 100 kb. Homology: As used herein, the term “homology” refers to the overall relatedness between polymeric molecules, e.g., between nucleic acid molecules (e.g., DNA molecules and/or RNA molecules) and/or between polypeptide molecules. Those of skill in the art will appreciate that homology can be defined, e.g., by a percent identity or by a percent homology (sequence similarity). In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, polymeric molecules are considered to be “homologous” to one another if their sequences are at least 25%, 30%, 35%, 40%, 45%, 50%, 55%, 60%, 65%, 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, or 99% identical. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, polymeric molecules are considered to be “homologous” to one another if their sequences are at least 25%, 30%, 35%, 40%, 45%, 50%, 55%, 60%, 65%, 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95%, or 99% similar. Hybridize: As used herein, “hybridize” refers to the association of a first nucleic acid with a second nucleic acid to form a double-stranded structure, which association occurs through complementary pairing of nucleotides. Those of skill in the art will recognize that complementary sequences, among others, can hybridize. In various embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, hybridization can occur, for example, between nucleotide sequences having at least 70% complementarity, e.g., at least 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 91%, 92%, 93%, 94%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, or 100% complementarity. Those of skill in the art will further appreciate that whether hybridization of a first nucleic acid and a second nucleic acid does or does not occur can dependence upon various reaction conditions. Conditions under which hybridization can occur are known in the art. Hypomethylation: As used herein, the term “hypomethylation” refers to the state of a methylation locus having at least one fewer methylated nucleotides in a state of interest as compared to a reference state (e.g., at least one fewer methylated nucleotides in colorectal cancer than in a healthy control). Hypermethylation: As used herein, the term “hypermethylation” refers to the state of a methylation locus having at least one more methylated nucleotide in a state of interest as compared to a reference state (e.g., at least one more methylated nucleotide in colorectal cancer than in a healthy control). Identity, identical: As used herein, the terms “identity” and “identical” refers to the overall relatedness between polymeric molecules, e.g., between nucleic acid molecules (e.g., DNA molecules and/or RNA molecules) and/or between polypeptide molecules. Methods for the calculation of a percent identity as between two provided sequences are known in the art. Calculation of the percent identity of two nucleic acid or polypeptide sequences, for example, can be performed by aligning the two sequences (or the complement of one or both sequences) for optimal comparison purposes (e.g., gaps can be introduced in one or both of a first and a second sequences for optimal alignment and non-identical sequences can be disregarded for comparison purposes). The nucleotides or amino acids at corresponding positions are then compared. When a position in the first sequence is occupied by the same residue (e.g., nucleotide or amino acid) as the corresponding position in the second sequence, then the molecules are identical at that position. The percent identity between the two sequences is a function of the number of identical positions shared by the sequences and, optionally, taking into account the number of gaps and the length of each gap, which may need to be introduced for optimal alignment of the two sequences. The comparison of sequences and determination of percent identity between two sequences can be accomplished using a computational algorithm, such as BLAST (basic local alignment search tool). “Improved,” “increased,” or “reduced”: As used herein, these terms, or grammatically comparable comparative terms, indicate values that are relative to a comparable reference measurement. For example, in some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, an assessed value achieved with an agent of interest may be “improved” relative to that obtained with a comparable reference agent or with no agent. Alternatively or additionally, in some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, an assessed value in a subject or system of interest may be “improved” relative to that obtained in the same subject or system under different conditions or at a different point in time (e.g., prior to or after an event such as administration of an agent of interest), or in a different, comparable subject (e.g., in a comparable subject or system that differs from the subject or system of interest in presence of one or more indicators of a particular disease, disorder or condition of interest, or in prior exposure to a condition or agent, etc.). In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, comparative terms refer to statistically relevant differences (e.g., differences of a prevalence and/or magnitude sufficient to achieve statistical relevance). Those of skill in the art will be aware, or will readily be able to determine, in a given context, a degree and/or prevalence of difference that is required or sufficient to achieve such statistical significance. Methylation: As used herein, the term “methylation” includes methylation at any of (i) C5 position of cytosine; (ii) N4 position of cytosine; and (iii) the N6 position of adenine. Methylation also includes (iv) other types of nucleotide methylation. A nucleotide that is methylated can be referred to as a “methylated nucleotide” or “methylated nucleotide base.” In certain embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, methylation specifically refers to methylation of cytosine residues. In some instances, methylation specifically refers to methylation of cytosine residues present in CpG sites. Methylation assay: As used herein, the term “methylation assay” refers to any technique that can be used to determine the methylation status of a methylation locus. Methylation biomarker: As used herein, the term “methylation biomarker” refers to a biomarker that is or includes at least one methylation locus and/or the methylation status of at least one methylation locus, e.g., a hypermethylated locus. In particular, a methylation biomarker is a biomarker characterized by a change between a first state and a second state (e.g., between a cancerous state and a non-cancerous state) in methylation status of one or more nucleic acid loci. Methylation locus: As used herein, the term “methylation locus” refers to a DNA region that includes at least one differentially methylated region. A methylation locus that includes a greater number or frequency of methylated sites under a selected condition of interest, such as a cancerous state, can be referred to as a hypermethylated locus. A methylation locus that includes a smaller number or frequency of methylated sites under a selected condition of interest, such as a cancerous state, can be referred to as a hypomethylated locus. In some instances, e.g., as set forth herein, a methylation locus has a length of at least 10, at least 15, at least 20, at least 30, at least 50, or at least 75 base pairs. In some instances, e.g., as set forth herein, a methylation locus has a length of less than 5000 bp, 4,000 bp, 3,000 bp, 2,000 bp, 1,000 bp, 950 bp, 900 bp, 850 bp, 800 bp, 750 bp, 700 bp, 650 bp, 600 bp, 550 bp, 500 bp, 450 bp, 400 bp, 350 bp, 300 bp, 250 bp, 200 bp, 150 bp, 100 bp, 50 bp, 40 bp, 30 bp, 20 bp, or 10 bp (e.g., where methylation status is determined using quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR), e.g., methylation sensitive restriction enzyme quantitative polymerase chain reaction (MSRE-qPCR)). Methylation site: As used herein, a methylation site refers to a nucleotide or nucleotide position that is methylated in at least one condition. In its methylated state, a methylation site can be referred to as a methylated site. Methylation status: As used herein, “methylation status,” “methylation state,” or “methylation profile” refer to the number, frequency, or pattern of methylation at methylation sites within a methylation locus. Accordingly, a change in methylation status between a first state and a second state can be or include an increase in the number, frequency, or pattern of methylated sites, or can be or include a decrease in the number, frequency, or pattern of methylated sites. In various instances, a change in methylation status in a change in methylation value. Methylation value: As used herein, the term “methylation value” refers to a numerical representation of a methylation status, e.g., in the form of number that represents the frequency or ratio of methylation of a methylation locus. In some instances, e.g., as set forth herein, a methylation value can be generated by a method that includes quantifying the amount of intact nucleic acid present in a sample following restriction digestion of the sample with a methylation dependent restriction enzyme. In some instances, e.g., as set forth herein, a methylation value can be generated by a method that includes comparing amplification profiles after bisulfite reaction of a sample. In some instances, e.g., as set forth herein, a methylation value can be generated by comparing sequences of bisulfite-treated and untreated nucleic acids. In some instances, e.g., as set forth herein, a methylation value is, includes, or is based on a quantitative PCR result. In some instances, e.g., as set forth herein, a methylation value Mutation: As used herein, the term “mutation” refers to a genetic variation in a biomolecule (e.g., a nucleic acid or a protein) as compared to a reference biomolecule. For example, a mutation in a nucleic acid may, in some embodiments, comprise a nucleobase substitution, a deletion of one or more nucleobases, an insertion of one or more nucleobases, an inversion of two or more nucleobases, or a truncation, as compared to a reference nucleic acid molecule. Similarly, a mutation in a protein may comprise an amino acid substitution, insertion, inversion, or truncation, as compared to a reference polypeptide. Additional mutations, e.g., fusions and indels, are known to those of skill in the art. In some embodiments, a mutation comprises a genetic variant that is associated with a loss of function of a gene product. A loss of function may be a complete abolishment of function, e.g., an abolishment of the enzymatic activity of an enzyme, or a partial loss of function, e.g., a diminished enzymatic activity of an enzyme. In some embodiments, a mutant comprises a genetic variant that is associated with a gain of function, e.g., with a negative or undesirable alteration in a characteristic or activity in a gene product. In some embodiments, a mutant is characterized by a reduction or loss in a desirable level or activity as compared to a reference; in some embodiments, a mutant is characterized by an increase or gain of an undesirable level or activity as compared to a reference. In some embodiments, the reference biomolecule is a wild-type biomolecule. Nucleic acid: As used herein, in its broadest sense, the term “nucleic acid” refers to any compound and/or substance that is or can be incorporated into an oligonucleotide chain. In some embodiments e.g., as set forth herein, a nucleic acid is a compound and/or substance that is or can be incorporated into an oligonucleotide chain via a phosphodiester linkage. As will be clear from context, in some embodiments e.g., as set forth herein, the term nucleic acid refers to an individual nucleic acid residue (e.g., a nucleotide and/or nucleoside), and in some embodiments e.g., as set forth herein refers to an polynucleotide chain comprising a plurality of individual nucleic acid residues. A nucleic acid can be or include DNA, RNA, or a combinations thereof. A nucleic acid can include natural nucleic acid residues, nucleic acid analogs, and/or synthetic residues. In some embodiments e.g., as set forth herein, a nucleic acid includes natural nucleotides (e.g., adenosine, thymidine, guanosine, cytidine, uridine, deoxyadenosine, deoxythymidine, deoxy guanosine, and deoxycytidine). In some embodiments e.g., as set forth herein, a nucleic acid is or includes of one or more nucleotide analogs (e.g., 2-aminoadenosine, 2-thiothymidine, inosine, pyrrolo-pyrimidine, 3-methyl adenosine, 5-methylcytidine, C-5 propynyl-cytidine, C-5 propynyl-uridine, 2-aminoadenosine, C5-bromouridine, C5-fluorouridine, C5-iodouridine, C5-propynyl-uridine, C5-propynyl-cytidine, C5-methylcytidine, 2-aminoadenosine, 7-deazaadenosine, 7-deazaguanosine, 8-oxoadenosine, 8-oxoguanosine, O(6)-methylguanine, 2-thiocytidine, methylated bases, intercalated bases, and combinations thereof). In some embodiments e.g., as set forth herein, a nucleic acid has a nucleotide sequence that encodes a functional gene product such as an RNA or protein. In some embodiments e.g., as set forth herein, a nucleic acid includes one or more introns. In some embodiments e.g., as set forth herein, a nucleic acid includes one or more genes. In some embodiments e.g., as set forth herein, nucleic acids are prepared by one or more of isolation from a natural source, enzymatic synthesis by polymerization based on a complementary template (in vivo or in vitro), reproduction in a recombinant cell or system, and chemical synthesis. In some embodiments e.g., as set forth herein, a nucleic acid analog differs from a nucleic acid in that it does not utilize a phosphodiester backbone. For example, in some embodiments e.g., as set forth herein, a nucleic acid can include one or more peptide nucleic acids, which are known in the art and have peptide bonds instead of phosphodiester bonds in the backbone. Alternatively or additionally, in some embodiments e.g., as set forth herein, a nucleic acid has one or more phosphorothioate and/or 5′-N-phosphoramidite linkages rather than phosphodiester bonds. In some embodiments e.g., as set forth herein, a nucleic acid comprises one or more modified sugars (e.g., 2′-fluororibose, ribose, 2′-deoxyribose, arabinose, and hexose) as compared with those in natural nucleic acids. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a nucleic acid is or includes at least 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 55, 60, 65, 70, 75, 80, 85, 90, 95, 100, 110, 120, 130, 140, 150, 160, 170, 180, 190, 20, 225, 250, 275, 300, 325, 350, 375, 400, 425, 450, 475, 500, 600, 700, 800, 900, 1000, 1500, 2000, 2500, 3000, 3500, 4000, 4500, 5000 or more residues. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a nucleic acid is partly or wholly single stranded, or partly or wholly double stranded. Nucleic acid detection assay: As used herein, the term “nucleic acid detection assay” refers to any method of determining the nucleotide composition of a nucleic acid of interest. Nucleic acid detection assays include but are not limited to, DNA sequencing methods (e.g., next generation sequencing methods), polymerase chain reaction-based methods, probe hybridization methods, ligase chain reaction, etc. Nucleotide: As used herein, the term “nucleotide” refers to a structural component, or building block, of polynucleotides, e.g., of DNA and/or RNA polymers. A nucleotide includes of a base (e.g., adenine, thymine, uracil, guanine, or cytosine) and a molecule of sugar and at least one phosphate group. As used herein, a nucleotide can be a methylated nucleotide or an un-methylated nucleotide. Those of skill in the art will appreciate that nucleic acid terminology, such as, as examples, “locus” or “nucleotide” can refer to both a locus or nucleotide of a single nucleic acid molecule and/or to the cumulative population of loci or nucleotides within a plurality of nucleic acids (e.g., a plurality of nucleic acids in a sample and/or representative of a subject) that are representative of the locus or nucleotide (e.g., having the same identical nucleic acid sequence and/or nucleic acid sequence context, or having a substantially identical nucleic acid sequence and/or nucleic acid context). Oligonucleotide primer: As used herein, the term oligonucleotide primer, or primer, refers to a nucleic acid molecule used, capable of being used, or for use in, generating amplicons from a template nucleic acid molecule. Under transcription-permissive conditions (e.g., in the presence of nucleotides and a DNA polymerase, and at a suitable temperature and pH), an oligonucleotide primer can provide a point of initiation of transcription from a template to which the oligonucleotide primer hybridizes. Typically, an oligonucleotide primer is a single-stranded nucleic acid between 5 and 200 nucleotides in length. Those of skill in the art will appreciate that optimal primer length for generating amplicons from a template nucleic acid molecule can vary with conditions including temperature parameters, primer composition, and transcription or amplification method. A pair of oligonucleotide primers, as used herein, refers to a set of two oligonucleotide primers that are respectively complementary to a first strand and a second strand of a template double-stranded nucleic acid molecule. First and second members of a pair of oligonucleotide primers may be referred to as a “forward” oligonucleotide primer and a “reverse” oligonucleotide primer, respectively, with respect to a template nucleic acid strand, in that the forward oligonucleotide primer is capable of hybridizing with a nucleic acid strand complementary to the template nucleic acid strand, the reverse oligonucleotide primer is capable of hybridizing with the template nucleic acid strand, and the position of the forward oligonucleotide primer with respect to the template nucleic acid strand is 5′ of the position of the reverse oligonucleotide primer sequence with respect to the template nucleic acid strand. It will be understood by those of skill in the art that the identification of a first and second oligonucleotide primer as forward and reverse oligonucleotide primers, respectively, is arbitrary inasmuch as these identifiers depend upon whether a given nucleic acid strand or its complement is utilized as a template nucleic acid molecule. Overlapping: The term “overlapping” is used herein in reference to two regions of DNA, each of which contains a sub-sequence that is substantially identical to a sub-sequence of the same length in the other region (e.g., the two regions of DNA have a common sub-sequence). “Substantially identical” means that the two identically-long sub-sequences differ by fewer than a given number of base pairs. In certain instances, e.g., as set forth herein, each sub-sequence has a length of at least 20 base pairs that differ by fewer than 4, 3, 2, or 1 base pairs from each other (e.g., the two sub-sequences having at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, at least 95% similarity, at least 97% similarity, at least 98% similarity, at least 99% similarity, or at least 99.5% similarity). In certain instances, e.g., as set forth herein, each sub-sequence has a length of at least 24 base pairs that differ by fewer than 5, 4, 3, 2, or 1 base pairs (e.g., the two sub-sequences having at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, at least 95% similarity, at least 97% similarity, at least 98% similarity, at least 99% similarity, or at least 99.5% similarity). In certain instances, e.g., as set forth herein, each sub-sequence has a length of at least 50 base pairs that differ by fewer than 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, or 1 base pairs (e.g., the two sub-sequences having at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, at least 95% similarity, at least 97% similarity, at least 98% similarity, at least 99% similarity, or at least 99.5% similarity). In certain instances, e.g., as set forth herein, each sub-sequence has a length of at least 100 base pairs that differ by fewer than 20, 15, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, or 1 base pairs (e.g., the two sub-sequences having at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, at least 95% similarity, at least 97% similarity, at least 98% similarity, at least 99% similarity, or at least 99.5% similarity). In certain instances, e.g., as set forth herein, each sub-sequence has a length of at least 200 base pairs that differ by fewer than 40, 30, 20, 15, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, or 1 base pairs (e.g., the two sub-sequences having at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, at least 95% similarity, at least 97% similarity, at least 98% similarity, at least 99% similarity, or at least 99.5% similarity). In certain instances, e.g., as set forth herein, each sub-sequence has a length of at least 250 base pairs that differ by fewer than 50, 40, 30, 20, 15, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, or 1 base pairs (e.g., the two sub-sequences having at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, at least 95% similarity, at least 97% similarity, at least 98% similarity, at least 99% similarity, or at least 99.5% similarity). In certain instances, e.g., as set forth herein, each sub-sequence has a length of at least 300 base pairs that differ by fewer than 60, 50, 40, 30, 20, 15, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, or 1 base pairs (e.g., the two sub-sequences having at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, at least 95% similarity, at least 97% similarity, at least 98% similarity, at least 99% similarity, or at least 99.5% similarity). In certain instances, e.g., as set forth herein, each sub-sequence has a length of at least 500 base pairs that differ by fewer than 100, 60, 50, 40, 30, 20, 15, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, or 1 base pairs (e.g., the two sub-sequences having at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, at least 95% similarity, at least 97% similarity, at least 98% similarity, at least 99% similarity, or at least 99.5% similarity). In certain instances, e.g., as set forth herein, each sub-sequence has a length of at least 1000 base pairs that differ by fewer than 200, 100, 60, 50, 40, 30, 20, 15, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, or 1 base pairs (e.g., the two sub-sequences having at least 80%, at least 85%, at least 90%, at least 95% similarity, at least 97% similarity, at least 98% similarity, at least 99% similarity, or at least 99.5% similarity). In certain instances, e.g., as set forth herein, the subsequence of a first region of the two regions of DNA may comprise the entirety of the second region of the two regions of DNA (or vice versa) (e.g., the common sub-sequence may contain the whole of either or both regions). In certain embodiments, where a methylation locus has a sequence that comprises at “least a portion of” a DMR sequence listed herein (e.g., at least 20%, at least 30%, at least 40%, at least 50%, at least 60%, at least 70%, at least 80%, or at least 90% of the DMR sequence), the overlapping portion of the methylation locus has at least 95% similarity, at least 98% similarity, or at least 99% similarity with the overlapping portion of the DMR sequence (e.g., if the overlapping portion is 100 bp, the portion of the methylation locus that overlaps with the portion of the DMR differs by no more than 1 bp, no more than 2 bp, or no more than 5 bp). In certain embodiments, where a methylation locus has a sequence that comprises “at least a portion of” a DMR sequence listed herein, this means the methylation locus has a subsequence in common with the DMR sequence that has a consecutive series of bases that covers at least 20%, at least 30%, at least 40%, at least 50%, at least 60%, at least 70%, at least 80%, or at least 90% of the DMR sequence, e.g., wherein the subsequence in common differs by no more than 1 bp, no more than 2 bp, or no more than 5 bp). In certain embodiments, where a methylation locus has a sequence that comprises “at least a portion of” a DMR sequence listed herein, this means the methylation locus contains at least a portion of (e.g., at least 20%, at least 30%, at least 40%, at least 50%, at least 60%, at least 70%, at least 80%, or at least 90% of) the CpG dinucleotides corresponding to the CpG dinucleotides within the DMR sequence. Pharmaceutical composition: As used herein, the term “pharmaceutical composition” refers to a composition in which an active agent is formulated together with one or more pharmaceutically acceptable carriers. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, the active agent is present in a unit dose amount appropriate for administration to a subject, e.g., in a therapeutic regimen that shows a statistically significant probability of achieving a predetermined therapeutic effect when administered to a relevant population. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a pharmaceutical composition can be formulated for administration in a particular form (e.g., in a solid form or a liquid form), and/or can be specifically adapted for, for example: oral administration (for example, as a drenche (aqueous or non-aqueous solutions or suspensions), tablet, capsule, bolus, powder, granule, paste, etc., which can be formulated specifically for example for buccal, sublingual, or systemic absorption); parenteral administration (for example, by subcutaneous, intramuscular, intravenous or epidural injection as, for example, a sterile solution or suspension, or sustained-release formulation, etc.); topical application (for example, as a cream, ointment, patch or spray applied for example to skin, lungs, or oral cavity); intravaginal or intrarectal administration (for example, as a pessary, suppository, cream, or foam); ocular administration; nasal or pulmonary administration, etc. Pharmaceutically acceptable: As used herein, the term “pharmaceutically acceptable,” as applied to one or more, or all, component(s) for formulation of a composition as disclosed herein, means that each component must be compatible with the other ingredients of the composition and not deleterious to the recipient thereof. Pharmaceutically acceptable carrier: As used herein, the term “pharmaceutically acceptable carrier” refers to a pharmaceutically-acceptable material, composition, or vehicle, such as a liquid or solid filler, diluent, excipient, or solvent encapsulating material, that facilitates formulation and/or modifies bioavailability of an agent, e.g., a pharmaceutical agent. Some examples of materials which can serve as pharmaceutically-acceptable carriers include: sugars, such as lactose, glucose and sucrose; starches, such as corn starch and potato starch; cellulose, and its derivatives, such as sodium carboxymethyl cellulose, ethyl cellulose and cellulose acetate; powdered tragacanth; malt; gelatin; talc; excipients, such as cocoa butter and suppository waxes; oils, such as peanut oil, cottonseed oil, safflower oil, sesame oil, olive oil, corn oil and soybean oil; glycols, such as propylene glycol; polyols, such as glycerin, sorbitol, mannitol and polyethylene glycol; esters, such as ethyl oleate and ethyl laurate; agar; buffering agents, such as magnesium hydroxide and aluminum hydroxide; alginic acid; pyrogen-free water; isotonic saline; Ringer's solution; ethyl alcohol; pH buffered solutions; polyesters, polycarbonates and/or polyanhydrides; and other non-toxic compatible substances employed in pharmaceutical formulations. Polyposis syndromes: The terms “polyposis” and “polyposis syndrome”, as used herein, refer to hereditary conditions that include, but are not limited to, familial adenomatous polyposis (FAP), hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer (HNPCC)/Lynch syndrome, Gardner syndrome, Turcot syndrome, MUTYH polyposis, Peutz-Jeghers syndrome, Cowden disease, familial juvenile polyposis, and hyperplastic polyposis. In certain embodiments, polyposis includes serrated polyposis syndrome. Serrated polyposis is classified by a subject having 5 or more serrated polyps proximal to the sigmoid colon with two or more at least 10 mm in size, having a serrated polyp proximal to the sigmoid colon in the context of a family history of serrated polyposis, and/or having 20 or more serrated polyps throughout the colon. Prevent or prevention: The terms “prevent” and “prevention,” as used herein in connection with the occurrence of a disease, disorder, or condition, refers to reducing the risk of developing the disease, disorder, or condition; delaying onset of the disease, disorder, or condition; delaying onset of one or more characteristics or symptoms of the disease, disorder, or condition; and/or to reducing the frequency and/or severity of one or more characteristics or symptoms of the disease, disorder, or condition. Prevention can refer to prevention in a particular subject or to a statistical impact on a population of subjects. Prevention can be considered complete when onset of a disease, disorder, or condition has been delayed for a predefined period of time. Probe: As used herein, the terms “probe”, “capture probe”, or “bait” refer to a single- or double-stranded nucleic acid molecule that is capable of hybridizing with a complementary target and, in certain embodiments, includes a detectable moiety. In certain embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a probe is a restriction digest product or is a synthetically produced nucleic acid, e.g., a nucleic acid produced by recombination or amplification. In some instances, e.g., as set forth herein, a probe is a capture probe useful in detection, identification, and/or isolation of a target sequence, such as a gene sequence. In various instances, e.g., as set forth herein, a detectable moiety of probe can be, e.g., an enzyme (e.g., ELISA, as well as enzyme-based histochemical assays), fluorescent moiety, radioactive moiety, or moiety associated with a luminescence signal. Prognosis: As used herein, the term “prognosis” refers to determining the qualitative of quantitative probability of at least one possible future outcome or event. As used herein, a prognosis can be a determination of the likely course of a disease, disorder, or condition such as cancer in a subject, a determination regarding the life expectancy of a subject, or a determination regarding response to therapy, e.g., to a particular therapy. Prognostic information: As used herein, the term “prognostic information” refers to information useful in providing a prognosis. Prognostic information can include, without limitation, biomarker status information. Promoter: As used herein, a “promoter” can refer to a DNA regulatory region that directly or indirectly (e.g., through promoter-bound proteins or substances) associates with an RNA polymerase and participates in initiation of transcription of a coding sequence. Reference: As used herein describes a standard or control relative to which a comparison is performed. For example, in some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, an agent, subject, animal, individual, population, sample, sequence, or value of interest is compared with a reference or control agent, subject, animal, individual, population, sample, sequence, or value. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a reference or characteristic thereof is tested and/or determined substantially simultaneously with the testing or determination of the characteristic in a sample of interest. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a reference is a historical reference, optionally embodied in a tangible medium. Typically, as would be understood by those of skill in the art, a reference is determined or characterized under comparable conditions or circumstances to those under assessment, e.g., with regard to a sample. Those skilled in the art will appreciate when sufficient similarities are present to justify reliance on and/or comparison to a particular possible reference or control. Risk: As used herein with respect to a disease, disorder, or condition, the term “risk” refers to the qualitative of quantitative probability (whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) that a particular individual will develop the disease, disorder, or condition. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, risk is expressed as a percentage. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a risk is a qualitative of quantitative probability that is equal to or greater than 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, or 100%. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, risk is expressed as a qualitative or quantitative level of risk relative to a reference risk or level or the risk of the same outcome attributed to a reference. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, relative risk is increased or decreased in comparison to the reference sample by a factor of 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5, 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, or more. Sample: As used herein, the term “sample” typically refers to an aliquot of material obtained or derived from a source of interest. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a source of interest is a biological or environmental source. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a sample is a “primary sample” obtained directly from a source of interest. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, as will be clear from context, the term “sample” refers to a preparation that is obtained by processing of a primary sample (e.g., by removing one or more components of and/or by adding one or more agents to a primary sample). Such a “processed sample” can include, for example cells, nucleic acids, or proteins extracted from a sample or obtained by subjecting a primary sample to techniques such as amplification or reverse transcription of nucleic acids, isolation and/or purification of certain components, etc. In certain instances, e.g., as set forth herein, a processed sample can be a DNA sample that has been amplified (e.g., pre-amplified). Thus, in various instances, e.g., as set forth herein, an identified sample can refer to a primary form of the sample or to a processed form of the sample. In some instances, e.g., as set forth herein, a sample that is enzyme-digested DNA can refer to primary enzyme-digested DNA (the immediate product of enzyme digestion) or a further processed sample such as enzyme-digested DNA that has been subject to an amplification step (e.g., an intermediate amplification step, e.g., pre-amplification) and/or to a filtering step, purification step, or step that modifies the sample to facilitate a further step, e.g., in a process of determining methylation status (e.g., methylation status of a primary sample of DNA and/or of DNA as it existed in its original source context). Screening: As used herein, the term “screening” refers to any method, technique, process, or undertaking intended to generate diagnostic information and/or prognostic information. Accordingly, those of skill in the art will appreciate that the term screening encompasses method, technique, process, or undertaking that determines whether an individual has, is likely to have or develop, or is at risk of having or developing a disease, disorder, or condition, e.g., colorectal cancer, advanced adenoma. Specificity: As used herein, the “specificity” of a biomarker refers to the percentage of samples that are characterized by absence of the event or state of interest for which measurement of the biomarker accurately indicates absence of the event or state of interest (true negative rate). In various embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, characterization of the negative samples is independent of the biomarker, and can be achieved by any relevant measure, e.g., any relevant measure known to those of skill in the art. Thus, specificity reflects the probability that the biomarker would detect the absence of the event or state of interest when measured in a sample not characterized that event or state of interest. In particular embodiments in which the event or state of interest is colorectal cancer, e.g., as set forth herein, specificity refers to the probability that a biomarker would detect the absence of colorectal cancer in a subject lacking colorectal cancer. Lack of colorectal cancer can be determined, e.g., by histology. Sensitivity: As used herein, the “sensitivity” of a biomarker refers to the percentage of samples that are characterized by the presence of the event or state of interest for which measurement of the biomarker accurately indicates presence of the event or state of interest (true positive rate). In various embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, characterization of the positive samples is independent of the biomarker, and can be achieved by any relevant measure, e.g., any relevant measure known to those of skill in the art. Thus, sensitivity reflects the probability that a biomarker would detect the presence of the event or state of interest when measured in a sample characterized by presence of that event or state of interest. In particular embodiments in which the event or state of interest is colorectal cancer, e.g., as set forth herein, sensitivity refers to the probability that a biomarker would detect the presence of colorectal cancer in a subject that has colorectal cancer. Presence of colorectal cancer can be determined, e.g., by histology. Single Nucleotide Polymorphism (SNP): As used herein, the term “single nucleotide polymorphism” or “SNP” refers to a particular base position in the genome where alternative bases are known to distinguish one allele from another. In some embodiments, one or a few SNPs and/or CNPs is/are sufficient to distinguish complex genetic variants from one another so that, for analytical purposes, one or a set of SNPs and/or CNPs may be considered to be characteristic of a particular variant, trait, cell type, individual, species, etc, or set thereof. In some embodiments, one or a set of SNPs and/or CNPs may be considered to define a particular variant, trait, cell type, individual, species, etc, or set thereof. Solid Tumor: As used herein, the term “solid tumor” refers to an abnormal mass of tissue including cancer cells. In various embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a solid tumor is or includes an abnormal mass of tissue that does not contain cysts or liquid areas. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a solid tumor can be benign; in some embodiments, a solid tumor can be malignant. Examples of solid tumors include carcinomas, lymphomas, and sarcomas. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, solid tumors can be or include adrenal, bile duct, bladder, bone, brain, breast, cervix, colon, endometrium, esophagum, eye, gall bladder, gastrointestinal tract, kidney, larynx, liver, lung, nasal cavity, nasopharynx, oral cavity, ovary, penis, pituitary, prostate, retina, salivary gland, skin, small intestine, stomach, testis, thymus, thyroid, uterine, vaginal, and/or vulval tumors. Stage of cancer: As used herein, the term “stage of cancer” refers to a qualitative or quantitative assessment of the level of advancement of a cancer. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, criteria used to determine the stage of a cancer can include, but are not limited to, one or more of where the cancer is located in a body, tumor size, whether the cancer has spread to lymph nodes, whether the cancer has spread to one or more different parts of the body, etc. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, cancer can be staged using the so-called TNM System, according to which T refers to the size and extent of the main tumor, usually called the primary tumor; N refers to the number of nearby lymph nodes that have cancer; and M refers to whether the cancer has metastasized. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a cancer can be referred to as Stage 0 (abnormal cells are present but have not spread to nearby tissue, also called carcinoma in situ, or CIS; CIS is not cancer, but it can become cancer), Stage I-III (cancer is present; the higher the number, the larger the tumor and the more it has spread into nearby tissues), or Stage IV (the cancer has spread to distant parts of the body). In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a cancer can be assigned to a stage selected from the group consisting of: in situ (abnormal cells are present but have not spread to nearby tissue); localized (cancer is limited to the place where it started, with no sign that it has spread); regional (cancer has spread to nearby lymph nodes, tissues, or organs): distant (cancer has spread to distant parts of the body); and unknown (there is not enough information to identify cancer stage). Susceptible to: An individual who is “susceptible to” a disease, disorder, or condition is at risk for developing the disease, disorder, or condition. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, an individual who is susceptible to a disease, disorder, or condition does not display any symptoms of the disease, disorder, or condition. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, an individual who is susceptible to a disease, disorder, or condition has not been diagnosed with the disease, disorder, and/or condition. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, an individual who is susceptible to a disease, disorder, or condition is an individual who has been exposed to conditions associated with, or presents a biomarker status (e.g., a methylation status) associated with, development of the disease, disorder, or condition. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a risk of developing a disease, disorder, and/or condition is a population-based risk (e.g., family members of individuals suffering from the disease, disorder, or condition). Subject: As used herein, the term “subject” refers to an organism, typically a mammal (e.g., a human). In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a subject is suffering from a disease, disorder or condition. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a subject is susceptible to a disease, disorder, or condition. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a subject displays one or more symptoms or characteristics of a disease, disorder or condition. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a subject is not suffering from a disease, disorder or condition. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a subject does not display any symptom or characteristic of a disease, disorder, or condition. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a subject is someone with one or more features characteristic of susceptibility to or risk of a disease, disorder, or condition. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a subject is a patient. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a subject is an individual to whom diagnosis has been performed and/or to whom therapy has been administered. In some instances, e.g., as set forth herein, a human subject can be interchangeably referred to as an “individual.” Therapeutic agent: As used herein, the term “therapeutic agent” refers to any agent that elicits a desired pharmacological effect when administered to a subject. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, an agent is considered to be a therapeutic agent if it demonstrates a statistically significant effect across an appropriate population. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, the appropriate population can be a population of model organisms or a human population. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, an appropriate population can be defined by various criteria, such as a certain age group, gender, genetic background, preexisting clinical conditions, etc. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a therapeutic agent is a substance that can be used for treatment of a disease, disorder, or condition. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a therapeutic agent is an agent that has been or is required to be approved by a government agency before it can be marketed for administration to humans. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a therapeutic agent is an agent for which a medical prescription is required for administration to humans. Therapeutically effective amount: As used herein, the term “therapeutically effective amount” refers to an amount that produces a desired effect for which it is administered. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, the term refers to an amount that is sufficient, when administered to a population suffering from or susceptible to a disease, disorder, or condition, in accordance with a therapeutic dosing regimen, to treat the disease, disorder, or condition. Those of ordinary skill in the art will appreciate that the term therapeutically effective amount does not in fact require successful treatment be achieved in a particular individual. Rather, a therapeutically effective amount can be an amount that provides a particular desired pharmacological response in a significant number of subjects when administered to individuals in need of such treatment. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, reference to a therapeutically effective amount can be a reference to an amount as measured in one or more specific tissues (e.g., a tissue affected by the disease, disorder or condition) or fluids (e.g., blood, saliva, serum, sweat, tears, urine, etc.). Those of ordinary skill in the art will appreciate that, in some embodiments, a therapeutically effective amount of a particular agent can be formulated and/or administered in a single dose. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a therapeutically effective agent can be formulated and/or administered in a plurality of doses, for example, as part of a multi-dose dosing regimen. Treatment: As used herein, the term “treatment” (also “treat” or “treating”) refers to administration of a therapy that partially or completely alleviates, ameliorates, relieves, inhibits, delays onset of, reduces severity of, and/or reduces incidence of one or more symptoms, features, and/or causes of a particular disease, disorder, or condition, or is administered for the purpose of achieving any such result. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, such treatment can be of a subject who does not exhibit signs of the relevant disease, disorder, or condition and/or of a subject who exhibits only early signs of the disease, disorder, or condition. Alternatively or additionally, such treatment can be of a subject who exhibits one or more established signs of the relevant disease, disorder and/or condition. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, treatment can be of a subject who has been diagnosed as suffering from the relevant disease, disorder, and/or condition. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, treatment can be of a subject known to have one or more susceptibility factors that are statistically correlated with increased risk of development of the relevant disease, disorder, or condition. In various examples, treatment is of a cancer. Upstream: As used herein, the term “upstream” means a first DNA region is closer, relative to a second DNA region, to the N-terminus of a nucleic acid that includes the first DNA region and the second DNA region. Unit dose: As used herein, the term “unit dose” refers to an amount administered as a single dose and/or in a physically discrete unit of a pharmaceutical composition. In many embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a unit dose contains a predetermined quantity of an active agent. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a unit dose contains an entire single dose of the agent. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, more than one unit dose is administered to achieve a total single dose. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, administration of multiple unit doses is required, or expected to be required, in order to achieve an intended effect. A unit dose can be, for example, a volume of liquid (e.g., an acceptable carrier) containing a predetermined quantity of one or more therapeutic moieties, a predetermined amount of one or more therapeutic moieties in solid form, a sustained release formulation or drug delivery device containing a predetermined amount of one or more therapeutic moieties, etc. It will be appreciated that a unit dose can be present in a formulation that includes any of a variety of components in addition to the therapeutic agent(s). For example, acceptable carriers (e.g., pharmaceutically acceptable carriers), diluents, stabilizers, buffers, preservatives, etc., can be included. It will be appreciated by those skilled in the art, in many embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a total appropriate daily dosage of a particular therapeutic agent can comprise a portion, or a plurality, of unit doses, and can be decided, for example, by a medical practitioner within the scope of sound medical judgment. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, the specific effective dose level for any particular subject or organism can depend upon a variety of factors including the disorder being treated and the severity of the disorder; activity of specific active compound employed; specific composition employed; age, body weight, general health, sex and diet of the subject; time of administration, and rate of excretion of the specific active compound employed; duration of the treatment; drugs and/or additional therapies used in combination or coincidental with specific compound(s) employed, and like factors well known in the medical arts. Unmethylated: As used herein, the terms “unmethylated” and “non-methylated” are used interchangeably and mean that an identified DNA region includes no methylated nucleotides. Variant: As used herein, the term “variant” refers to an entity that shows significant structural identity with a reference entity but differs structurally from the reference entity in the presence, absence, or level of one or more chemical moieties as compared with the reference entity. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a variant also differs functionally from its reference entity. In general, whether a particular entity is properly considered to be a “variant” of a reference entity is based on its degree of structural identity with the reference entity. A variant can be a molecule comparable, but not identical to, a reference. For example, a variant nucleic acid can differ from a reference nucleic acid at one or more differences in nucleotide sequence. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a variant nucleic acid shows an overall sequence identity with a reference nucleic acid that is at least 85%, 86%, 87%, 88%, 89%, 90%, 91%, 92%, 93%, 94%, 95%, 96%, 97%, or 99%. In many embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a nucleic acid of interest is considered to be a “variant” of a reference nucleic acid if the nucleic acid of interest has a sequence that is identical to that of the reference but for a small number of sequence alterations at particular positions. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a variant has 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, or 1 substituted residues as compared with a reference. In some embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, a variant has not more than 5, 4, 3, 2, or 1 residue additions, substitutions, or deletions as compared with the reference. In various embodiments, e.g., as set forth herein, the number of additions, substitutions, or deletions is fewer than about 25, about 20, about 19, about 18, about 17, about 16, about 15, about 14, about 13, about 10, about 9, about 8, about 7, about 6, and commonly are fewer than about 5, about 4, about 3, or about 2 residues. 
 BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS The foregoing and other objects, aspects, features, and advantages of the present disclosure will become more apparent and better understood by referring to the following description taken in conjunction with the accompanying drawings, in which: FIG.  1 FIG.  2 FIGS.  3 3 FIG.  4 FIG.  5 FIG.  6 FIG.  7 FIG.  8 FIG.  9 FIGS.  10 10 FIG.  11 FIG.  12 FIG.  13 FIG.  14 FIG.  15 FIG.  16 FIG.  17 FIG.  18 FIG.  19 DETAILED DESCRIPTION It is contemplated that systems, architectures, devices, methods, and processes of the claimed invention encompass variations and adaptations developed using information from the embodiments described herein. Adaptation and/or modification of the systems, architectures, devices, methods, and processes described herein may be performed, as contemplated by this description. Throughout the description, where articles, devices, systems, and architectures are described as having, including, or comprising specific components, or where processes and methods are described as having, including, or comprising specific steps, it is contemplated that, additionally, there are articles, devices, systems, and architectures of the present invention that consist essentially of, or consist of, the recited components, and that there are processes and methods according to the present invention that consist essentially of, or consist of, the recited processing steps. It should be understood that the order of steps or order for performing certain action is immaterial so long as the invention remains operable. Moreover, two or more steps or actions may be conducted simultaneously. The mention herein of any publication, for example, in the Background section, is not an admission that the publication serves as prior art with respect to any of the claims presented herein. The Background section is presented for purposes of clarity and is not meant as a description of prior art with respect to any claim. Documents are incorporated herein by reference as noted. Where there is any discrepancy in the meaning of a particular term, the meaning provided in the Definition section above is controlling. Headers are provided for the convenience of the reader—the presence and/or placement of a header is not intended to limit the scope of the subject matter described herein. Detection of Methylation in Colorectal Neoplasias Using a UDX Colon Test Advanced adenomas (AA) are precursors of colorectal cancer (CRC) with around 85% of the sporadic cancers originating from them. In certain embodiments, AAs are defined by the presence of four polyp features including a diameter of >1.0 cm, villous architecture, serrated adenoma with dysplasia and/or high-grade dysplasia. Of these, high-grade dysplasia is generally believed to be the most highly associated with progression to cancer, making its detection and removal important for prevention of colorectal cancer. Several screening options such as fecal immunochemical test (FIT) and Cologuard (that combines FIT test and stool-based biomarkers) are available for the early detection of colorectal cancer. However, their adenoma detection rates remain low at 24% and 42% respectively (Imperiale T F, et al. N Engl J Med 370; 14, 2014). Furthermore, FIT and Cologuard require stool handling and frequent testing, which results in low adherence rates to the screening program. Only around 65% of the eligible patients take part of the screening, leaving large proportion of eligible patients unscreened. A simple, noninvasive blood-based CRC screening test with high sensitivity would increase screening adherence rates as well as improve the AA detection rates, which would substantially improve CRC control efforts. Blood based screenings are believed to have >90% adherence rates at baseline. In certain embodiments, methods, systems, and techniques described herein are used to conduct a UDX Colon test. The UDX Colon test is qualitative next generation sequencing (NGS)-based in vitro diagnostic that uses high throughput, targeted hybridization-based capture with bioinformatics processes to detect methylation in more than 300 colorectal neoplasia (e.g., colorectal cancer, advanced adenoma) associated methylation loci in DNA, e.g., cfDNA of a human subject. In certain embodiments, a UDX Colon test utilizes cell-free DNA (cfDNA) from plasma of whole blood in order to identify methylated loci. A positive result may indicate a presence of colorectal cancer (CRC) or advanced adenoma (AA). A positive result may be followed by diagnostic colonoscopy or other diagnosis-confirmatory assay. A UDX Colon test may be used to detect (e.g., screen) for a colorectal neoplasia in adults 45 years or older, who are at an average risk for CRC. In certain embodiments, a UDX Colon Test includes reagents, software, procedures, or a combination thereof, for testing cfDNA from whole blood samples. FIG.  1 100 110 120 130 140 150 160 Detection of Colorectal Cancer and Advanced Adenoma In various embodiments, a methylation biomarker of the present disclosure used for detection of colorectal cancer is selected from a methylation locus that is or includes at least a portion of a DMR listed in  FIG.  2 FIG.  2 In various embodiments, a methylation biomarker of the present disclosure used for detection of advanced adenoma is selected from a methylation locus that is or includes at least a portion of a DMR listed in  FIGS.  3 3 FIGS.  3 3 For the avoidance of any doubt, any methylation biomarker provided herein in either  FIG.  2 FIGS.  3 3 In some embodiments, said methylation biomarker can be or include a single methylation locus. In some embodiments, a methylation biomarker can be or include two or more methylation loci. In some embodiments, a methylation biomarker can be or include a single differentially methylated region (DMR) (e.g., (i) a DMR selected from those listed in  FIG.  2 FIGS.  3 3 FIG.  2 FIGS.  3 3 FIG.  2 FIGS.  3 3 FIG.  2 FIGS.  3 3 FIG.  2 3 3 FIG.  2 FIGS.  3 3 In some instances, a methylation locus is or includes a gene, such as a gene provided in  FIG.  2 FIGS.  3 3 FIG.  2 FIGS.  3 3 In some instances, a methylation locus is or includes a coding region of a gene, such as a coding region of a gene provided in  FIG.  2 FIGS.  3 3 FIG.  2 FIGS.  3 3 In some instances, a methylation locus is or includes a promoter, enhancer, and/or other regulatory region of a gene, such as a gene provided in  FIG.  2 FIGS.  3 3 FIG.  2 FIGS.  3 3 In some embodiments, a methylation locus is or includes a non-coding sequence. In some embodiments, a methylation locus is or includes one or more exons, and/or one or more introns. In some embodiments, a methylation locus includes a DNA region extending a predetermined number of nucleotides upstream of a coding sequence, and/or a DNA region extending a predetermined number of nucleotides downstream of a coding sequence. In various instances, a predetermined number of nucleotides upstream and/or downstream and be or include, e.g., 500 bp, 1 kb, 2 kb, 3 kb, 4 kb, 5 kb, 10 kb, 20 kb, 30 kb, 40 kb, 50 kb, 75 kb, or 100 kb. Those of skill in the art will appreciate that methylation biomarkers capable of impacting expression of a coding sequence may typically be within any of these distances of the coding sequence, upstream and/or downstream. Those of skill in the art will appreciate that a methylation locus identified as a methylation biomarker need not necessarily be assayed in a single experiment, reaction, or amplicon. A single methylation locus identified as a colorectal cancer methylation biomarker can be assayed, e.g., in a method including separate amplification (or providing oligonucleotide primers and conditions sufficient for amplification of) of one or more distinct or overlapping DNA regions within a methylation locus, e.g., one or more distinct or overlapping DMRs. Those of skill in the art will further appreciate that a methylation locus identified as a methylation biomarker need not be analyzed for methylation status of each nucleotide, nor each CpG, present within the methylation locus. Rather, a methylation locus that is a methylation biomarker may be analyzed, e.g., by analysis of a single DNA region within the methylation locus, e.g., by analysis of a single DMR within the methylation locus. DMRs of the present disclosure can be a methylation locus or include a portion of a methylation locus. In some instances, a DMR is a DNA region with a methylation locus that is, e.g., 1 to 5,000 bp in length. In various embodiments, a DMR is a DNA region with a methylation locus that is equal to or less than 5000 bp, 4,000 bp, 3,000 bp, 2,000 bp, 1,000 bp, 950 bp, 900 bp, 850 bp, 800 bp, 750 bp, 700 bp, 650 bp, 600 bp, 550 bp, 500 bp, 450 bp, 400 bp, 350 bp, 300 bp, 250 bp, 200 bp, 150 bp, 100 bp, 50 bp, 40 bp, 30 bp, 20 bp, or 10 bp in length. In some embodiments, a DMR is 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 or 9 bp in length. Methylation biomarkers, including without limitation methylation loci and DMRs provided herein, can include at least one methylation site that is a colorectal cancer biomarker. For clarity, those of skill in the art will appreciate that term methylation biomarker is used broadly, such that a methylation locus can be a methylation biomarker that includes one or more DMRs, each of which DMRs is also itself a methylation biomarker, and each of which DMRs can include one or more methylation sites, each of which methylation sites is also itself a methylation biomarker. Moreover, a methylation biomarker can include two or more methylation loci. Accordingly, status as a methylation biomarker does not turn on the contiguousness of nucleic acids included in a biomarker, but rather on the existence of a change in methylation status for included DNA region(s) between a first state and a second state, such as between colorectal cancer and controls, advanced adenoma and controls, or both colorectal cancer and advanced adenoma and controls. As provided herein, a methylation locus can be any of one or more methylation loci each of which methylation loci is, includes, or is a portion of a gene (or specific DMR) identified in  FIG.  2 FIGS.  3 3 FIG.  2 FIGS.  3 3 In some embodiments, a methylation biomarker includes two or more methylation loci, each of which is, includes, or is a portion of a gene identified in  FIG.  2 FIGS.  3 3 FIG.  2 FIGS.  3 3 In various embodiments, a methylation biomarker can be or include one or more individual nucleotides (e.g., a single individual cytosine residue in the context of a CpG) or a plurality of individual cytosine residues (e.g., of a plurality of CpGs) present within one or more methylation loci (e.g, one or more DMRs) provided herein. Thus, in certain embodiments a methylation biomarker is or includes methylation status of a plurality of individual methylation sites. In various embodiments, a methylation biomarker is, includes, or is characterized by change in methylation status that is a change in the methylation of one or more methylation sites within one or more methylation loci (e.g., one or more DMRs). In various embodiments, a methylation biomarker is or includes a change in methylation status that is a change in the number of methylated sites within one or more methylation loci (e.g., one or more DMRs)(e.g., one or more CpG sites). In various embodiments, a methylation biomarker is or includes a change in methylation status that is a change in the frequency of methylation sites within one or more methylation loci (e.g., one or more DMRs). In various embodiments, a methylation biomarker is or includes a change in methylation status that is a change in the pattern of methylation sites within one or more methylation loci (e.g., one or more DMRs). In various embodiments, methylation status of one or more methylation loci (e.g., one or more DMRs) is expressed as a fraction or percentage of the one or more methylation loci (e.g., the one or more DMRs) present in a sample that are methylated, e.g., as a fraction of the number of individual DNA strands of DNA in a sample that are methylated at one or more particular methylation loci (e.g., one or more particular DMRs). Those of skill in the art will appreciate that, in some instances, the fraction or percentage of methylation can be calculated from the ratio of methylated DMRs to unmethylated DMRs for one or more analyzed DMRs, e.g., within a sample. In various embodiments, methylation status of one or more methylation loci (e.g., one or more DMRs) is compared to a reference methylation status value and/or to methylation status of the one or more methylation loci (e.g., one or more DMRs) in a reference sample or a group of reference samples. For example, in certain embodiments, the group of reference samples is a plurality of samples obtained from individuals where said samples are known to represent a particular state (e.g., a “normal” non-cancer state, or a cancer state). In certain instances, a reference is a non-contemporaneous sample from the same source, e.g., a prior sample from the same source, e.g., from the same subject. In certain instances, a reference for the methylation status of one or more methylation loci (e.g., one or more DMRs) is the methylation status of the one or more methylation loci (e.g., one or more DMRs) in a sample (e.g., a sample from a subject), or a plurality of samples, known to represent a particular state (e.g., a cancer state or a non-cancer state). Thus, a reference can be or include one or more predetermined thresholds, which thresholds can be quantitative (e.g., a methylation value) or qualitative. Those of skill in the art will appreciate that a reference measurement is typically produced by measurement using a methodology identical to, similar to, or comparable to that by which the non-reference measurement was taken. In various embodiments, methylation status of one or more methylation loci (e.g., one or more DMRs) is compared to a reference methylation status value and/or to methylation status of the one or more methylation loci (e.g., one or more DMRs) in a reference sample. In certain instances, a reference is a non-contemporaneous sample from the same source, e.g., a prior sample from the same source, e.g., from the same subject. In certain instances, a reference for the methylation status of one or more methylation loci (e.g., one or more DMRs) is the methylation status of the one or more methylation loci (e.g., one or more DMRs) in a sample (e.g., a sample from a subject), or a plurality of samples, known to represent a particular state (e.g., a cancer state or a non-cancer state). Thus, a reference can be or include one or more predetermined thresholds, which thresholds can be quantitative (e.g., a methylation value) or qualitative. Those of skill in the art will appreciate that a reference measurement is typically produced by measurement using a methodology identical to, similar to, or comparable to that by which the non-reference measurement was taken. In various embodiments, a methylation status of a methylation loci may be based on methylation of one or more reads (e.g., obtained using a NGS technique) mapped to the methylation loci. For example, when analyzing sequencing data obtained from a sequencing technique, e.g., a NGS sequencing technique, e.g., a targeted NGS sequencing technique, sequencing data may include an inferred or probabilistic sequence of base pairs of a DNA fragment. The inferred or probabilistic sequence of base pairs of the DNA fragment is known as a read. The read may be mapped to a methylation loci (e.g., a DMR, a mutation marker) reference sequence, for example, in a genome (e.g., a reference genome, e.g., a reference bisulfite converted genome). Based on a comparison of the read sequence to a reference sequence, individual CpGs or cytosine residues may be identified as being hypermethylated or hypomethylated as compared to a reference state. In certain embodiments, a read-wise methylation value (e.g., a read-wise methylation score) is determined for a read, based pre-determined minimal thresholds that takes into account a number of methylation sites (e.g., CpGs) and a percentage of methylation In certain embodiments, a read-wise methylation value is a binary value. Advanced Adenomas In certain embodiments, methods and compositions presented herein are useful for screening for advanced adenomas. Advanced adenomas include, without limitation: neoplastic adenomatous growth in colon and/or in rectum, adenomas located in the proximal part of the colon, adenomas located in the distal part of the colon and/or rectum, adenomas of low grade dysplasia, adenomas of high grade dysplasia, neoplastic growth(s) of colorectum tissue that shows signs of high grade dysplasia of any size, neoplastic growth(s) of colorectum tissue having a size greater than or equal to 10 mm of any histology and/or dysplasia grade, neoplastic growth(s) of colorectum tissue with villious histological type of any type of dysplasia and any size, and colorectum tissue having a serrated histological type with any dysplasia grade and/or size. Colorectal Cancers In certain embodiments, methods and compositions of the present disclosure are useful for screening for colorectal cancer. Colorectal cancers include, without limitation, colon cancer, rectal cancer, and combinations thereof. Colorectal cancers include metastatic colorectal cancers and non-metastatic colorectal cancers. Colorectal cancers include cancer located in the proximal part of the colon cancer and cancer located in the distal part of the colon. Colorectal cancers include colorectal cancers at any of the various possible stages known in the art, including, e.g., Stage I, Stage II, Stage III, and Stage IV colorectal cancers (e.g., stages 0, I, IIA, IIB, IIC, IIIA, IIIB, IIIC, IVA, IVB, and IVC). Colorectal cancers include all stages of the Tumor/Node/Metastasis (TNM) staging system. With respect to colorectal cancer, T can refer to whether the tumor grown into the wall of the colon or rectum, and if so by how many layers; N can refer to whether the tumor has spread to lymph nodes, and if so how many lymph nodes and where they are located; and M can refer to whether the cancer has spread to other parts of the body, and if so which parts and to what extent. Particular stages of T, N, and M are known in the art. T stages can include TX, T0, Tis, T1, T2, T3, T4a, and T4b; N stages can include NX, N0, N1a, N1b, N1c, N2a, and N2b; M stages can include M0, M1a, and M1b. Moreover, grades of colorectal cancer can include GX, G1, G2, G3, and G4. Various means of staging cancer, and colorectal cancer in particular, are well known in the art summarized, e.g., on the world wide web at cancer.net/cancer-types/colorectal-cancer/stages. In certain instances, the present disclosure includes screening of early stage colorectal cancer. Early stage colorectal cancers can include, e.g., colorectal cancers localized within a subject, e.g., in that they have not yet spread to lymph nodes of the subject, e.g., lymph nodes near to the cancer (stage NO), and have not spread to distant sites (stage M0). Early stage cancers include colorectal cancers corresponding to, e.g., Stages 0 to II C. Thus, colorectal cancers of the present disclosure include, among other things, pre-malignant colorectal cancer and malignant colorectal cancer. Methods and compositions of the present disclosure are useful for screening of colorectal cancer in all of its forms and stages, including without limitation those named herein or otherwise known in the art, as well as all subsets thereof. Accordingly, the person of skill in art will appreciate that all references to colorectal cancer provided here include, without limitation, colorectal cancer in all of its forms and stages, including without limitation those named herein or otherwise known in the art, as well as all subsets thereof. Subjects and Samples A sample analyzed using methods and compositions provided herein can be any biological sample and/or any sample including nucleic acids. In various particular embodiments, a sample analyzed using methods and compositions provided herein can be a sample from a mammal. In various particular embodiments, a sample analyzed using methods and compositions provided herein can be a sample from a human subject. In various particular embodiments, a sample analyzed using methods and compositions provided herein can be a sample form a mouse, rat, pig, horse, chicken, or cow. In various instances, a human subject is a subject diagnosed or seeking diagnosis as having, diagnosed as or seeking diagnosis as at risk of having, and/or diagnosed as or seeking diagnosis as at immediate risk of having, a colorectal neoplasm (e.g., colorectal cancer, advanced adenoma). In various instances, a human subject is a subjected identified as a subject in need of screening for a colorectal neoplasm (e.g., colorectal cancer, advanced adenoma). In certain instances, a human subject is a subject identified as in need of colorectal cancer screening by a medical practitioner. In various instances, a human subject is identified as in need of colorectal cancer screening due to age, e.g., due to an age equal to or greater than 40 years, e.g., an age equal to or greater than 49, 45, 50, 55, 60, 65, 70, 75, 80, 85, or 90 years, though in some instances a subject 18 years old or older may be identified as at risk and/or in need of screening for a colorectal neoplasm (e.g., colorectal cancer, advanced adenoma). In various instances, a human subject is identified as being high risk and/or in need of screening for a colorectal neoplasm (e.g., colorectal cancer, advanced adenoma) based on, without limitation, familial history, prior diagnoses, and/or an evaluation by a medical practitioner. In various instances, a human subject is a subject not diagnosed as having, not at risk of having, not at immediate risk of having, not diagnosed as having, and/or not seeking diagnosis for a cancer such as a colorectal cancer, or any combination thereof. A sample from a subject, e.g., a human or other mammalian subject, can be a sample of, e.g., blood, blood component (e.g., plasma, buffy coat), cfDNA (cell free DNA), ctDNA (circulating tumor DNA), stool, or tissue (e.g., advanced adenoma and/or colorectal tissue). In some particular embodiments, a sample is an excretion or bodily fluid of a subject (e.g., stool, blood, plasma, lymph, or urine of a subject) or a tissue sample of a colorectal neoplasm, such as a colonic polyp, an advanced adenoma, and/or colorectal cancer. A sample from a subject can be a cell or tissue sample, e.g., a cell or tissue sample that is of a cancer or includes cancer cells, e.g., of a tumor or of a metastatic tissue. For example, the sample may include colorectal cells, polyp cells, or glandular cells. In various embodiments, a sample from a subject, e.g., a human or other mammalian subject, can be obtained by biopsy (e.g., colonoscopy resection, fine needle aspiration or tissue biopsy) or surgery. In various particular embodiments, a sample is a sample of cell-free DNA (cfDNA). cfDNA is typically found in biological fluids (e.g., plasma, serum, or urine) in short, double-stranded fragments. The concentration of cfDNA is typically low, but can significantly increase under particular conditions, including without limitation pregnancy, autoimmune disorder, myocardial infraction, and cancer. Circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) is the component of circulating DNA specifically derived from cancer cells. ctDNA can be present in human fluids. For example in some instances, ctDNA can be found bound to and/or associated with leukocytes and erythrocytes. In some instances, ctDNA can be found not bound to and/or associated with leukocytes and erythrocytes. Various tests for detection of tumor-derived cfDNA are based on detection of genetic or epigenetic modifications that are characteristic of cancer (e.g., of a relevant cancer). Genetic or epigenetic modifications characteristic of cancer can include, without limitation, oncogenic or cancer-associated mutations in tumor-suppressor genes, activated oncogenes, hypermethylation, and/or chromosomal disorders. Detection of genetic or epigenetic modifications characteristic of cancer or pre-cancer can confirm that detected cfDNA is ctDNA. cfDNA and ctDNA provide a real-time or nearly real-time metric of the methylation status of a source tissue. cfDNA and ctDNA have a half-life in blood of about 2 hours, such that a sample taken at a given time provides a relatively timely reflection of the status of a source tissue. Various methods of isolating nucleic acids from a sample (e.g., of isolating cfDNA from blood or plasma) are known in the art. Nucleic acids can be isolated, e.g., without limitation, standard DNA purification techniques, by direct gene capture (e.g., by clarification of a sample to remove assay-inhibiting agents and capturing a target nucleic acid, if present, from the clarified sample with a capture agent to produce a capture complex, and isolating the capture complex to recover the target nucleic acid). In certain embodiments, a sample may have a required minimum amount of DNA (e.g., cfDNA, gDNA) (e.g., DNA fragments) for later determining a methylation status. For example, in certain embodiments, a sample may be required to have at least 5 ng, at least 10 ng, at least 20 ng (or more) DNA. Methods of Measuring Methylation Status Methylation status can be measured by a variety of methods known in the art and/or by methods provided in this specification. Those of skill in the art will appreciate that a method for measuring methylation status can generally be applied to samples from any source and of any kind, and will further be aware of processing steps available to modify a sample into a form suitable for measurement by a given methodology. In certain embodiments, the processing steps involve fragmenting or shearing DNA of the sample. For example, genomic DNA (e.g., gDNA) obtained from a cell, tissue, or other source may require fragmentation prior to sequencing. In certain embodiments, DNA may be fragmented prior to measurement of methylation status using a physical method (e.g., using an ultra-sonicator, a nebulizer technique, hydrodynamic shearing, etc.). In certain embodiments, DNA may be fragmented using an enzymatic method (e.g., using an endonuclease or a transposase). Certain samples, e.g., cfDNA samples, may not require fragmentation. cfDNA fragments are about 200 bp in length and may be appropriate for certain methods provided herein. DNA fragments of about 100-1000 bp in length are suitable for analysis in certain NGS techniques described herein including, for example, Illumina® based techniques. Certain technologies may require DNA fragments of about 100-1000 bp range. In contrast, DNA fragments of about 10 kb or longer are suitable for long read sequencing technologies. Methods of measuring methylation status include, without limitation, methods including whole genome bisulfite sequencing, targeted bisulfite sequencing, targeted enzymatic methylation sequencing, methylation-status-specific polymerase chain reaction (PCR), methods including mass spectrometry, methylation arrays, methods including methylation-specific nucleases, methods including mass-based separation, methods including target-specific capture (e.g., hybrid capture), and methods including methylation-specific oligonucleotide primers. Certain particular assays for methylation utilize a bisulfite reagent (e.g., hydrogen sulfite ions) or enzymatic conversion reagents (e.g., Tet methylcytosine dioxygenase  2 Bisulfite reagents can include, among other things, bisulfite, disulfite, hydrogen sulfite, sodium metabisulphite, or combinations thereof, which reagents can be useful in distinguishing methylated and unmethylated nucleic acids. Bisulfite interacts differently with cytosine and 5-methylcytosine. In typical bisulfite-based methods, contacting of DNA (e.g., single stranded DNA, double stranded DNA) with bisulfite deaminates (e.g., converts) unmethylated cytosine to uracil, while methylated cytosine remains unaffected. Methylated cytosines, but not unmethylated cytosines, are selectively retained. Thus, in a bisulfite processed sample, uracil residues stand in place of, and thus provide an identifying signal for, unmethylated cytosine residues, while remaining (methylated) cytosine residues thus provide an identifying signal for methylated cytosine residues. Bisulfite processed samples can be analyzed, e.g., by next generation sequencing (NGS) or other methods disclosed herein. In some embodiments, bisulfite processed samples may be treated using a bisulfite ratio of bisulfite to DNA that is at least. In certain embodiments, the bisulfite processed sample comprises single stranded DNA fragments or double stranded DNA fragments. In some embodiments, bisulfite treatment includes subjecting DNA fragments (e.g., double stranded DNA) to one or more denaturation-conversion cycles in order to convert unmethylation cytosines to uracils in the DNA fragments. Denaturation converts double stranded DNA fragments in the sample to single stranded DNA fragments. Conversion changes the unmethylated cytosines of the single stranded DNA into uracils. In some embodiments, only one denaturation-conversion cycle are performed. In some embodiments, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, fifteen, twenty, or more denaturation-conversion cycles are performed. In some embodiments, the temperature of the denaturation step is performed at a temperature of about 80-100° C. (e.g., about 90-97° C., e.g., about 96° C.). In some embodiments, the denaturation step is performed for less than 10 minutes (e.g., less than 5 minutes, less than 5 minutes, less than 2 minutes, or less). In certain embodiments, the conversion step is performed for less than 2.5 hr (e.g., less than 2 hr, less than 1 hr, less than 30 minutes, less than 15 minutes, or less). In certain embodiments, the conversion step is performed at a temperature of 55 to 65° C. In certain embodiments, the converted DNA fragments may be stored at a temperature of about 4° C. after performing the denaturation-conversion cycle(s). In some embodiments, bisulfite treatment may be applied prior to library preparation. In some embodiments, bisfulfite treatment may be applied after library preparation. Enzymatic conversion reagents can include Tet methylcytosine dioxygenase  2 Methods of measuring methylation status can include, without limitation, massively parallel sequencing (e.g., next-generation sequencing) to determine methylation state, e.g., sequencing by—synthesis, real-time (e.g., single-molecule) sequencing, bead emulsion sequencing, nanopore sequencing, or other sequencing techniques known in the art. In some embodiments, a method of measuring methylation status can include whole-genome sequencing, e.g., measuring whole genome methylation status from bisulfite or enzymatically treated material with base-pair resolution. In some embodiments, a method of measuring methylation status includes reduced representation bisulfite sequencing e.g., utilizing use of restriction enzymes to measure methylation status of high CpG content regions from bisulfite or enzymatically treated material with base-pair resolution. In some embodiments, a method of measuring methylation status can include targeted sequencing e.g., measuring methylation status of pre-selected genomic location from bisulfite or enzymatically treated material with base-pair resolution. In some embodiments, the pre-selection (capture) (e.g., enrichment) of regions of interest (e.g., DMRs) can be done by complementary in vitro synthesized oligonucleotide sequences (e.g., capture baits/probes). Capture probes (e.g., oligonucleotide capture probes, oligonucleotide capture baits) are useful in targeted sequencing (e.g., NGS) techniques to enrich for particular regions of interest in an oligonucleotide (e.g., DNA) sequence. For example, enrichment of target regions is useful when sequences of particular pre-determined regions of DNA are sequenced. In certain embodiments, capture probes are about 10 to 1000 bp long (e.g., about 10 to about 200 bp long) (e.g., about 120 bp long). In certain embodiments, one or more capture probes are targeted to capture a region of interest (e.g., a genomic marker) corresponding to one or more methylation loci (e.g., methylation loci comprising at least a portion of one or more DMRs, e.g., as found in  FIG.  2 FIGS.  3 3 In certain embodiments, capture probes are evaluated (e.g., prior to sequencing) for their ability to target multiple regions of the genome of interest. For example, when designing a capture probe to target a particular region of interest (e.g., a DMR), the ability for a capture probe to target multiple regions of the genome may be considered. As discussed herein, mismatches in pairing (e.g., non-Watson-Crick pairing) allow for capture probes to hybridize to other, unintended regions of a genome. In addition, a particular target sequence may be repeated elsewhere in a genome. Repeat sequences are common for sequences that are highly repetitive. In certain embodiments, capture probes are designed such that they only target a few similar regions of the genome. In certain embodiments, capture probes may hybridize to 500 or fewer, 100 or fewer, 50 or fewer, 10 or fewer, 5 or fewer similar regions in a genome. In certain embodiments, a similar region to the target of region of interest is calculated using a 24 bp window moving around a genome and matching the region of the window to a reference sequence according to sequence order similarity. Other size windows and/or techniques may be used. For example, hybrid-capture of one or more DNA fragments (e.g., ctDNA, fragmented gDNA) may be performed using capture probes targeted to predetermined regions of interested of a genome. In certain embodiments, capture probes target at least 2 (e.g, at least 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 50, 75, 100, 150, or more) predetermined regions of interest (e.g., genomic markers, e.g., DMRs). In certain embodiments, the capture probes overlap. In certain embodiments, the overlapping probes overlap at least 10%, at least 20%, at least 30%, at least 40%, at least 50%, at least 60% or more. In certain embodiments, the capture probes are nucleic acid probes (e.g., DNA probes, RNA probes). In some embodiments, a method may also include identifying mutated regions (e.g., individual nucleotide bases) using targeted sequencing e.g., determining the presence of a mutation in one or more pre-selected genomic locations (e.g., a genomic marker, e.g., a mutation marker). In certain embodiments, mutations may also be identified from bisulfite or enzymatically treated DNA with base-pair resolution. In some embodiments, a method for measuring methylation status can include Illumina Methylation Assays e.g., measuring over 850,000 methylation sites quantitatively across a genome at single-nucleotide resolution. Various methylation assay procedures can be used in conjunction with bisulfite treatment to determine methylation status of a target sequence such as a DMR. Such assays can include, among others, Methylation-Specific Restriction Enzyme qPCR, sequencing of bisulfite-treated nucleic acid, PCR (e.g., with sequence-specific amplification), Methylation Specific Nuclease-assisted Minor-allele Enrichment PCR, and Methylation-Sensitive High Resolution Melting. In some embodiments, DMRs are amplified from converted (e.g., bisulfite or enzyme converted) DNA fragments for library preparation. In some embodiments, a sequencing library may be prepared using converted (e.g., bisulfite or enzyme converted) oligonucleotide fragments (e.g., cfDNA, gDNA fragments, synthetic nucleotide sequences, etc.) according to, e.g., an Illumina protocol, an Accel-NGS® Methyl-Seq DNA Library Kit (Swift Bioscience) protocol, a transpose-based Nextera XT protocol, or the like. In some embodiments, the oligonucleotide fragments are DNA fragments which have been converted (e.g., bisulfite or enzyme converted). In certain embodiments, DNA fragments used in preparation of a sequencing library may be single stranded DNA fragments or double stranded DNA fragments. In certain embodiments, a library may be prepared by attaching adapters to DNA fragments. Adapters contain short (e.g., about 100 to about 1000 bp) sequences (e.g., oligonucleotide sequences) that allow oligonucleotide fragments of a library (e.g., a DNA library) to bind to and generate clusters on a flow cell used in, for example, next generation sequencing (NGS). Adapters may be ligated to library fragments prior to NGS. In certain embodiments, a ligase enzyme covalently links the adapter and library fragments. In certain embodiments, adapters are attached to either one or both of the 5′ and 3′ ends of converted DNA fragments. In certain embodiments, the attaching step is performed such that at least 40%, at least 50%, at least 60%, at least 70% of the converted DNA fragments are attached to adapter. In certain embodiments, the attaching step is performed such that at least 40%, at least 50%, at least 60%, at least 70% of the converted DNA fragments have an adapter attached at both the 5′ and 3′ ends In certain embodiments, adapters used herein contain a sequence of oligonucleotides that aid in sample identification. For example, in certain embodiments, adapters include a sample index. A sample index is a short sequence (e.g., about 8 to about 10 bases) of nucleic acids (e.g., DNA, RNA) that serve as sample identifiers and allow for, among other things, multiplexing and/or pooling of multiple samples in a single sequencing run and/or on a flow cell (e.g., used in a NGS technique). In certain embodiments, an adapter at a 5′ end, a 3′ end, or both of a converted single stranded DNA fragment includes a sample index. In certain embodiments, an adapter sequence may include a molecular barcode. A molecular barcode may serve as a unique molecular identifier to identify a target molecule during, for example, DNA sequencing. In certain embodiments, DNA barcodes may be randomly generated. In certain embodiments, DNA barcodes may be predetermined or predesigned. In certain embodiments, the DNA barcodes are different on each DNA fragment. In certain embodiments, the DNA barcodes may be the same for two single stranded DNA fragments that are not complementary to one another (e.g., in a Watson-Crick pair with each other) in the biological sample. In certain embodiments, DNA fragments may be amplified (e.g., using PCR) after ligation of adapters to DNA fragments. In certain embodiments, at least 40% (e.g., at least at least 50%, at least 60%, at least 70%) of the converted DNA fragments have an adapter attached at both the 5′ and 3′ ends. In certain embodiments, high-throughput and/or next-generation sequencing (NGS) techniques are used to achieve base-pair level resolution of an oligonucleotide (e.g., a DNA) sequence, permitting analysis of methylation status and/or identification of mutations. For example, in certain embodiments, NGS may include single-end or paired-end sequencing. In single-end sequencing, a technique reads a sequenced fragment in one direction—from one end of a fragment to the opposite end of the fragment. In certain embodiments, this produces a single DNA sequence that then may be aligned to a reference sequence. In paired-end sequencing, a sequenced fragment is read in a first direction from one end of the fragment to the opposite end of the fragment. The sequenced fragment may be read until a specified read length is reached. Then, the sequenced fragment is read in a second direction, which is opposite to the first direction. In certain embodiments, having multiple read pairs may help to improve read alignment and/or identify mutations (e.g., insertions, deletions, inversion, etc.) that may not be detected by single-end reading. Another method, that can be used for methylation detection includes PCR amplification with methylation-specific oligonucleotide primers (MSP methods), e.g., as applied to bisulfite-treated sample (see, e.g., Herman 1992 Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 93: 9821-9826, which is herein incorporated by reference with respect to methods of determining methylation status). Use of methylation-status-specific oligonucleotide primers for amplification of bisulfite-treated DNA allows differentiation between methylated and unmethylated nucleic acids. Oligonucleotide primer pairs for use in MSP methods include at least one oligonucleotide primer capable of hybridizing with sequence that includes a methylation site, e.g., a CpG site. An oligonucleotide primer that includes a T residue at a position complementary to a cytosine residue will selectively hybridize to templates in which the cytosine was unmethylated prior to bisulfite treatment, while an oligonucleotide primer that includes a G residue at a position complementary to a cytosine residue will selectively hybridize to templates in which the cytosine was methylated cytosine prior to bisulfite treatment. MSP results can be obtained with or without sequencing amplicons, e.g., using gel electrophoresis. MSP (methylation-specific PCR) allows for highly sensitive detection (detection level of 0.1% of the alleles, with full specificity) of locus-specific DNA methylation, using PCR amplification of bisulfite-converted DNA. Another method that can be used to determine methylation status after bisulfite treatment of a sample is Methylation-Sensitive High Resolution Melting (MS-HRM) PCR (see, e.g., Hussmann 2018 Methods Mol Biol. 1708:551-571, which is herein incorporated by reference with respect to methods of determining methylation status). MS-HRM is an in-tube, PCR-based method to detect methylation levels at specific loci of interest based on hybridization melting. Bisulfite treatment of the DNA prior to performing MS-HRM ensures a different base composition between methylated and unmethylated DNA, which is used to separate the resulting amplicons by high resolution melting. A unique primer design facilitates a high sensitivity of the assays enabling detection of down to 0.1-1% methylated alleles in an unmethylated background. Oligonucleotide primers for MS-HRM assays are designed to be complementary to the methylated allele, and a specific annealing temperature enables these primers to anneal both to the methylated and the unmethylated alleles thereby increasing the sensitivity of the assays. Another method that can be used to determine methylation status after bisulfite treatment of a sample is Quantitative Multiplex Methylation-Specific PCR (QM-MSP). QM-MSP uses methylation specific primers for sensitive quantification of DNA methylation (see, e.g., Fackler 2018 Methods Mol Biol. 1708:473-496, which is herein incorporated by reference with respect to methods of determining methylation status). QM-MSP is a two-step PCR approach, where in the first step, one pair of gene-specific primers (forward and reverse) amplifies the methylated and unmethylated copies of the same gene simultaneously and in multiplex, in one PCR reaction. This methylation-independent amplification step produces amplicons of up to 10 9  Another method that can be used to determine methylation status after bisulfite treatment of a sample is Methylation Specific Nuclease-assisted Minor-allele Enrichment (MS-NaME) (see, e.g., Liu 2017 Nucleic Acids Res. 45(6):e39, which is herein incorporated by reference with respect to methods of determining methylation status). Ms-NaME is based on selective hybridization of probes to target sequences in the presence of DNA nuclease specific to double-stranded (ds) DNA (DSN), such that hybridization results in regions of double-stranded DNA that are subsequently digested by the DSN. Thus, oligonucleotide probes targeting unmethylated sequences generate local double stranded regions resulting to digestion of unmethylated targets; oligonucleotide probes capable of hybridizing to methylated sequences generate local double-stranded regions that result in digestion of methylated targets, leaving methylated targets intact. Moreover, oligonucleotide probes can direct DSN activity to multiple targets in bisulfite-treated DNA, simultaneously. Subsequent amplification can enrich non-digested sequences. Ms-NaME can be used, either independently or in combination with other techniques provided herein. Another method that can be used to determine methylation status after bisulfite treatment of a sample is Methylation-sensitive Single Nucleotide Primer Extension (Ms-SNuPE™) (see, e.g., Gonzalgo 2007 Nat Protoc. 2(8):1931-6, which is herein incorporated by reference with respect to methods of determining methylation status). In Ms-SNuPE, strand-specific PCR is performed to generate a DNA template for quantitative methylation analysis using Ms-SNuPE. SNuPE is then performed with oligonucleotide(s) designed to hybridize immediately upstream of the CpG site(s) being interrogated. Reaction products can be electrophoresed on polyacrylamide gels for visualization and quantitation by phosphor-image analysis. Amplicons can also carry a directly or indirectly detectable labels such as a fluorescent label, radionuclide, or a detachable molecule fragment or other entity having a mass that can be distinguished by mass spectrometry. Detection may be carried out and/or visualized by means of, e.g., matrix assisted laser desorption/ionization mass spectrometry (MALDI) or using electron spray mass spectrometry (ESI). Certain methods that can be used to determine methylation status after bisulfite treatment of a sample utilize a first oligonucleotide primer, a second oligonucleotide primer, and an oligonucleotide probe in an amplification-based method. For instance, the oligonucleotide primers and probe can be used in a method of real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) or droplet digital PCR (ddPCR). In various instances, the first oligonucleotide primer, the second oligonucleotide primer, and/or the oligonucleotide probe selectively hybridize methylated DNA and/or unmethylated DNA, such that amplification or probe signal indicate methylation status of a sample. Other bisulfite-based methods for detecting methylation status (e.g., the presence of level of 5-methylcytosine) are disclosed, e.g., in Frommer (1992 Proc Natl Acad Sci USA. 1; 89(5):1827-31, which is herein incorporated by reference with respect to methods of determining methylation status). In certain MSRE-qPCR embodiments, the amount of total DNA is measured in an aliquot of sample in native (e.g., undigested) form using, e.g., real-time PCR or digital PCR. Various amplification technologies can be used alone or in conjunction with other techniques described herein for detection of methylation status. Those of skill in the art, having reviewed the present specification, will understand how to combine various amplification technologies known in the art and/or described herein together with various other technologies for methylation status determination known in the art and/or provided herein. Amplification technologies include, without limitation, PCR, e.g., quantitative PCR (qPCR), real-time PCR, and/or digital PCR. Those of skill in the art will appreciate that polymerase amplification can multiplex amplification of multiple targets in a single reaction. PCR amplicons are typically 100 to 2000 base pairs in length. In various instances, an amplification technology is sufficient to determine methylations status. Digital PCR (dPCR) based methods involve dividing and distributing a sample across wells of a plate with 96-, 384-, or more wells, or in individual emulsion droplets (ddPCR) e.g., using a microfluidic device, such that some wells include one or more copies of template and others include no copies of template. Thus, the average number of template molecules per well is less than one prior to amplification. The number of wells in which amplification of template occurs provides a measure of template concentration. If the sample has been contacted with MSRE, the number of wells in which amplification of template occurs provides a measure of the concentration of methylated template. In various embodiments a fluorescence-based real-time PCR assay, such as MethyLight™, can be used to measure methylation status (see, e.g., Campan 2018 Methods Mol Biol. 1708:497-513, which is herein incorporated by reference with respect to methods of determining methylation status). MethyLight is a quantitative, fluorescence-based, real-time PCR method to sensitively detect and quantify DNA methylation of candidate regions of the genome. MethyLight is uniquely suited for detecting low-frequency methylated DNA regions against a high background of unmethylated DNA, as it combines methylation-specific priming with methylation-specific fluorescent probing. Additionally, MethyLight can be combined with Digital PCR, for the highly sensitive detection of individual methylated molecules, with use in disease detection and screening. Real-time PCR-based methods for use in determining methylation status typically include a step of generating a standard curve for unmethylated DNA based on analysis of external standards. A standard curve can be constructed from at least two points and can permit comparison of a real-time Ct value for digested DNA and/or a real-time Ct value for undigested DNA to known quantitative standards. In particular instances, sample Ct values can be determined for MSRE-digested and/or undigested samples or sample aliquots, and the genomic equivalents of DNA can be calculated from the standard curve. Ct values of MSRE-digested and undigested DNA can be evaluated to identify amplicons digested (e.g., efficiently digested; e.g., yielding a Ct value of 45). Amplicons not amplified under either digested or undigested conditions can also be identified. Corrected Ct values for amplicons of interest can then be directly compared across conditions to establish relative differences in methylation status between conditions. Alternatively or additionally, delta-difference between the Ct values of digested and undigested DNA can be used to establish relative differences in methylation status between conditions. In certain particular embodiments, targeted bisulfite sequencing (e.g., using hybrid capture) among other techniques, can be used to determine the methylation status of a methylation biomarker for a disease and/or condition. For example, a colorectal neoplasm (e.g., advanced adenoma and/or colorectal cancer) methylation biomarker that is or includes a single methylation locus. In certain particular embodiments, targeted bisulfite sequencing, among other techniques, can be used to determine the methylation status of a methylation biomarker that is or includes two or more methylation loci. Those of skill in the art will appreciate that in embodiments in which a plurality of methylation loci (e.g., a plurality of DMRs) are analyzed for methylation status in a method of screening for colorectal cancer provided herein, methylation status of each methylation locus can be measured or represented in any of a variety of forms, and the methylation statuses of a plurality of methylation loci (preferably each measured and/or represented in a same, similar, or comparable manner) be together or cumulatively analyzed or represented in any of a variety of forms. In various embodiments, methylation status of each methylation locus can be measured as methylation portion. In various embodiments, methylation status of each methylation locus can be represented as the percentage value of methylated reads from total sequencing reads compared against reference sample. In various embodiments, methylation status of each methylation locus can be represented as a qualitative comparison to a reference, e.g., by identification of each methylation locus as hypermethylated or hypomethylated. In some embodiments in which a single methylation locus is analyzed, hypermethylation of the single methylation locus constitutes a diagnosis that a subject is suffering from or possibly suffering from a condition (e.g., cancer) (e.g., advanced adenoma, colorectal cancer), while absence of hypermethylation of the single methylation locus constitutes a diagnosis that the subject is likely not suffering from a condition. In some embodiments, hypermethylation of a single methylation locus (e.g., a single DMR) of a plurality of analyzed methylation loci constitutes a diagnosis that a subject is suffering from or possibly suffering from the condition, while the absence of hypermethylation at any methylation locus of a plurality of analyzed methylation loci constitutes a diagnosis that a subject is likely not suffering from the condition. In some embodiments, hypermethylation of a determined percentage (e.g., a predetermined percentage) of methylation loci (e.g., at least 10% (e.g., at least 10%, at least 20%, at least 30%, at least 40%, at least 50%, at least 60%, at least 70%, at least 80%, at least 90%, or 100%)) of a plurality of analyzed methylation loci constitutes a diagnosis that a subject is suffering from or possibly suffering from the condition, while the absence of hypermethylation of a determined percentage (e.g., a predetermined percentage) of methylation loci (e.g., at least 10% (e.g., at least 10%, at least 20%, at least 30%, at least 40%, at least 50%, at least 60%, at least 70%, at least 80%, at least 90%, or 100%)) of a plurality of analyzed methylation loci constitutes a diagnosis that a subject is not likely suffering from the condition. In some embodiments, hypermethylation of a determined number (e.g., a predetermined number) of methylation loci (e.g., at least 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 50, 100, 150, or more DMRs) of a plurality of analyzed methylation loci (e.g 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 50, 100, 150, or more DMRs) constitutes a diagnosis that a subject is suffering from or possibly suffering from the condition, while the absence of hypermethylation of a determined number (e.g., a predetermined number) of methylation loci (e.g., at least 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 50, 100, 150, or more DMRs) of a plurality of analyzed methylation loci (e.g., 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 50, 100, 150, or more DMRs) constitutes a diagnosis that a subject is not likely suffering from the condition. In some embodiments, methylation status of a plurality of methylation loci (e.g., a plurality of DMRs) is measured qualitatively or quantitatively and the measurement for each of the plurality of methylation loci are combined to provide a diagnosis. In some embodiments, the quantitatively measured methylation status of each of a plurality of methylation loci is individually weighted, and weighted values are combined to provide a single value that can be comparative to a reference in order to provide a diagnosis. In some embodiments, methylation status may include determination of methylated and/or unmethylated reads mapped to a genomic region (e.g., a DMR). For example, when using particular sequencing technologies as disclosed herein (e.g., NGS, whole genome bisulfite sequencing, etc.), sequence reads are produced. A sequence read is an inferred sequence of base pairs (e.g., a probabilistic sequence) corresponding to all or part of a sequenced oligonucleotide (e.g., DNA) fragment (e.g., cfDNA fragments, gDNA fragments). In certain embodiments, sequence reads may be mapped (e.g., aligned) to a particular region of interest using a reference sequence (e.g., a bisulfite converted reference sequence) in order to determine if there are any alterations or variations in a read. Alterations may include methylation and/or mutations. A region of interest may include one or more genomic markers including a methylation marker (e.g., a DMR), a mutation marker, or other marker as disclosed herein. For example, in the case of bisulfite or enzymatically treated DNA fragments, treatment converts unmethylated cytosines to uracils, while methylated cytosines are not converted to uracils. Accordingly, a sequence read produced for a DNA fragment that has methylated cytosines will be different from a sequence read produced for the same DNA fragment that does not have methylated cytosine. Methylation at sites where a cytosine nucleotide is followed by a guanine nucleotide (e.g., CpG sites) may be of particular interest. Quality Control Protocol In certain embodiments, quality control steps may be implemented. Quality control steps are used to determine whether or not particular steps or processes were conducted within particular parameters. In certain embodiments, quality control steps may be used to determine the validity of results of a given analysis. In addition or alternatively, quality control steps may be used to determine sequenced data quality. For example, quality control steps may be used to determine read coverage of one or more regions of DNA. Quantitative metrics for quality control include, but are not limited to AT dropout rate, GC dropout rate, bisulfite conversion rate (e.g., bisulfite conversion efficiency), and the like. Failure to meet a threshold quality control condition (e.g., a minimum conversion rate, a maximum CG dropout rate, etc.) may indicate, for example, that one or more of the conversion steps were not performed within appropriate parameters. For example, in the methods described herein, various steps of a conversion protocol may be optimized to decrease AT and/or GC dropout rate. As is understood by those of skill in the art, AT and GC dropout metrics indicate the degree of inadequate coverage of a particular target region based on its AT or GC content. In certain embodiments, samples having a low GC dropout rate is useful in identifying which samples were processed appropriately. For example, a GC dropout rate found to be less than 10%, less than 9%, less than 8%, less than 7%, less than 6%, less than 5%, less than 4%, or less may be useful in identifying appropriately processed samples. In certain embodiments, a quality control step may involve determining an on and/or off-target ratio. Sequence reads that align to a region of interest (e.g., a DMR) are considered to be on-target, while sequence reads that do not align to the region of interest (e.g., a DMR) are considered to be off-target. In certain embodiments, the on-target ratio is represented as a percentage of on-target bases to the total number of aligned bases. In certain embodiments, the on-target ratio is represented as a percentage of on-target and near-target bases to the total number of aligned bases. Near-target bases may be a base within a certain number of bases (e.g., within 500 bp, within 200 bp, within 100 bp) of the target region. In certain embodiments, the on-target ratio is at least 10%, least 20%, least 30%, least 40%, least 50%, least 60%, least 70%, at least 80%, at least 90%, at least 95%, at least 99% or more for a sequencing experiment to pass quality control. In certain embodiments, the off-target ratio is represented as a percentage of off-target bases to the total number of aligned bases. In certain embodiments, an off-target ratio is less than 95%, less than 90%, less than 85%, less than 80%, less than 70%, less than 60%, less than 50%, less than 40%, less than 30%, less than 20%, less than 10%, less than 1% for a sequencing experiment to pass quality control. In certain embodiments, a quality control step may include determining quality scores for mapped sequence reads. A quality score is a value which quantifies a probability that a sequence read is incorrectly mapped. For example, when mapping short or repetitive sequences, it is possible that a sequence will be mapped to multiple places in a reference genome. The quality score considers the best alignment of the sequence read to the reference genome as compared to other possible alignments of the sequence read to the reference genome. In certain embodiments, the quality score is a Mapping Quality (MAPQ) score. The MAPQ is the negative, log-scaled probability that a read is misaligned. A high score indicates a high confidence that a read is aligned correctly, while a low score indicates a low confidence that a read is aligned correctly. In certain embodiments, the MAPQ score may be calculated using the following equation: 
 10  Pr In certain embodiments, the MAPQ score is rounded to the nearest integer. In certain embodiments Pr is a probability that the sequence read is incorrectly mapped as obtained from an alignment (e.g., mapping) tool. In certain embodiments, the scaling factor is 1 (instead of 10), or another number. Artificial Spike-In Control Control nucleic acid (e.g., DNA) molecules (e.g., “spike-in controls”) may be used to evaluate or estimate conversion efficiency of unmethylated and methylated cytosines to uracils. Control nucleic acid molecules may be used in sequencing methods involving conversion (e.g., bisulfite or enzymatic conversion) of DNA samples. When DNA is subjected to conversion (e.g., bisulfite or enzymatic conversion) as described herein, conversion may be incomplete. That is, some number of unmethylated cytosines may not be converted to uracils. If the conversion is not complete such that unmethylated cytosines are not mostly converted, the unconverted unmethylated cytosines may be identified as methylated when the DNA sequenced. Accordingly, in order to determine whether or not bisulfite conversion is complete, a control DNA molecule may be subjected to conversion along with DNA fragments from a sample. In certain embodiments, sequencing the converted control DNA molecules (e.g., using an NGS technique as described herein) generates a plurality of control sequence reads. Control sequence reads may be used to determine conversion rates of unmethylated and/or methylated cytosines to uracils. Prior techniques did not recognize that controls (e.g., a control DNA molecule) were useful to include in each sample. Rather, they presumed that conversion efficiencies remained relatively consistent between samples for a given run. However, the inventors have identified that conversion rate of unmethylated cytosines to uracils in DNA fragments may vary significantly from on sample to another. For example, conversion efficiency may range from 10% to 110% within a single batch of processed samples. Note, there can be overconversion such that conversion efficiency can be greater than 100%, e.g., the conversion efficiency is 110% when 10% of the methylated cytosine gets converted. In certain embodiments, the conversion efficiency ranges from 30% to 110%. In other embodiments, the conversion efficiency ranges from 50% to 100%. In certain embodiments, a control DNA molecule may be added to a sample after fragmentation and before conversion using e.g., bisulfite or enzymatic reagents. In certain embodiments, a plurality (e.g., two, three, four or more) control DNA sequences may be added to DNA fragments of a sample. A control DNA molecule may be a known sequence. For example, the sequence, number of methylated bases, and number of unmethylated bases of the control sequence had been determined prior to addition of the control DNA molecule to the sample. In certain embodiments, a control sequence may be a DNA sequence which is produced in vitro to contain artificially methylated or unmethylated nucleotides (e.g., methylated cytosines). In certain embodiments, a control sequence may be a DNA sequence which is produced to contain completely unmethylated DNA nucleotides. A high conversion efficiency of the spike-in control sequence may be used to infer the conversion efficiency of a DNA fragments undergoing the same conversion process as a spike-in control. For example, deamination of at least at least 98% of unmethylated cytosines in the unmethylated spike-in control DNA sequence indicates that conversion efficiency is high and that a sample may pass a quality control assessment. In certain embodiments, at least 90%, at least 95%, at least 96%, at least 97%, at least 98%, at least 99% of unmethylated cytosines of a plurality of DNA fragments of a control DNA sequence are converted into uracils. A high conversion efficiency is important as it is ideal for all (or nearly all) of the unmethylated cytosines to be converted to uracils when subjecting DNA to bisulfite or enzymatic treatments. As described above, unconverted, unmethylated cytosines may serve as a source of noise in the data. In addition, conversion of methylated cytosines to uracils is undesirable when DNA is treated using a conversion process. Conversion of methylated cytosines of a spike-in control is indicative that methylated cytosines have been converted to uracils in a DNA sample subjected to the same treatment as the methylated spike-in control. Methylated cytosines in a methylated spike-in control should not convert to uracils. For the same reasons as described above, methylated cytosines being converted to uracils may result in misidentification of purportedly unmethylated cytosines during methylation analysis. In certain embodiments, at most 5%, at most 4%, at most 3%, at most 2% or at most 1% of methylated cytosines of a plurality of DNA fragments of a control DNA sequence are converted into uracils. For example, deamination of at most 2% of methylated cytosines in a methylated spike-in control DNA sequence indicates that conversion efficiency is high and that a sample may pass a quality control assessment. Identifying Mutations In certain embodiments as disclosed herein, genomic mutations may be identified in one or more predetermined mutation biomarkers. In various embodiments, a mutation biomarker of the present disclosure is used for further detection (e.g., screening) and/or classification of a condition in addition to methylation biomarkers. In certain embodiments, information regarding a methylation status of one or more colorectal cancer biomarkers may be combined with a mutation biomarker in order to further classify the identified colorectal cancer. In addition or alternatively, mutation biomarkers may be used to determine or recommend (e.g., either for or against) a particular course of treatment for the identified disease and/or condition. In certain embodiments, identifying genomic mutations may be performed using a sequencing technique as discussed herein (e.g., a NGS sequencing technique). In certain embodiments, oligonucleotides (e.g., cfDNA fragments, gDNA fragments) are sequenced to a read depth sufficient to detect a genomic mutation (e.g., in a mutation biomarker, in a tumor markers) at a frequency in a sample as low as 1.0%, 0.75%, 0.5%, 0.25%, 0.1%, 0.075%, 0.05%, 0.025%, 0.01%, or 0.005%. Genomic mutations generally include any variation in nucleotide base pair sequences of DNA as is understood in the art. A mutation in a nucleic acid may, in some embodiments, include a single nucleotide variant, an inversion, a deletion, an insertion, a transversion, a translocation, a fusion, a truncation, an amplification, or a combination thereof, as compared to a reference DNA sequence. FIG.  4 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 By way of example, NRAS_p.A146, listed in the first row of  FIG.  4 FIG.  4 Mutations may be identified using NGS sequencing techniques (e.g., targeted NGS sequencing techniques, hybridization NGS sequencing techniques, or the like) or other sequencing techniques disclosed herein. In certain embodiments as disclosed herein, mutations may be identified in converted (e.g., bisulfite or enzymatic converted) DNA fragments. In certain embodiments, mutations and methylated loci may be identified in parallel (e.g., simultaneously) using a single sequencing assay (e.g., an NGS assay). In certain embodiments, one or more capture probes are targeted to capture and/or enrich for a region of interest of an oligonucleotide (e.g., DNA) sequence corresponding to one or more mutations markers (e.g., mutation regions and sites as found in  FIG.  4 In certain embodiments, mutation markers contain low GC content regions. Due to the low GC content, sufficient coverage of a region may not be obtained when sequencing a low GC content region using protocols adapted for high GC content regions. For example, targeted NGS sequencing (e.g., targeted bisulfite sequencing) of a low GC content region using only 1× tiling density of a target region may not provide sufficient coverage of a mutation region. Tiling (e.g., tiling density, tiling frequency) refers to a number of probes targeted to a region. Increased probe tiling density (e.g., through increasing the number of probes targeting a region) may be used in order to provide additional coverage for a region. For example, coverage of a low GC content region may be improved through increased tiling. Accordingly, increasing tiling density of a region to at least 2× tiling (e.g., 3×, 4× or more) may be beneficial in enhancing enrichment of a targeted region. For example, with 2× tiling, a region covered by a probe may be covered with at two probes which overlap with one another. In addition or alternatively, probes may be overlapped to permit enhanced coverage of a region. For example, probes may be overlapped by at least 10%, 20%, 30%, 40%, 50% or more. The amount which two probes overlap with one another may depend on desired tiling density, sequence of a targeted region, or other factors. For the avoidance of doubt, tiling and/or overlap of probes may also be changed over high GC content regions (e.g., methylation loci) as well. Exemplary Deduplication Steps In certain embodiments as discussed herein, duplicate sequences are found in sequencing data. Duplicate sequences arise from a number of potential sources as discussed herein, and accordingly may need to be removed from sequencing data. Duplicates are particularly important to remove in an analysis as signals from cancer are low. Cancer signals would get lost in noise if duplicates are not removed. For example, in certain embodiments sequencing data may include a large number of reads obtained from sequencing oligonucleotide fragments (e.g., DNA fragments, e.g., cfDNA, gDNA fragments) of a sample. Multiple reads corresponding to a particular DNA fragment may result in false variant calls (e.g., identification of multiple variants of the same DNA fragment), which would interfere with the identification of a methylated CpG site and/or a mutation. In certain embodiments, duplicate sequences are removed prior to determining read-wise methylation values. In certain embodiments, a bioinformatics package (e.g., Picard, SAMTools) may be used to mark and remove duplicates from sequencing data. FIG.  13 1300 1310 1320 1330 In certain embodiments, PCR duplicates (also known as library duplicates) and/or over-sequencing duplicates may also be removed ( 1340 1350 In certain embodiments, deduplicating sequence reads does not comprise removing duplicate sequence reads that have a different methylation level. For example, a sample may have two sequence reads that are identical. However, one sequence read may have a CpG site that is methylated, while the same CpG site in the other strand is not methylated. In certain embodiments, both strands may be kept for further bioinformatics analysis. Without wishing to be bound to any particular theory, a presence of different methylation levels within duplicate fragments may be due to sequencing errors or a different source of one fragment. Applications Methods and compositions of the present disclosure can be used in any of a variety of applications. For example, methods and compositions of the present disclosure can be used to screen, or aid in screening for a condition (e.g., cancer). In particular, the methods and compositions can be used to screen, or aid in screening for a colorectal neoplasm, e.g., advanced adenoma and/or colorectal cancer. In various instances, screening using methods and compositions of the present disclosure can detect any stage of colorectal cancer, including without limitation early-stage colorectal cancer. In some embodiments, screening using methods and compositions of the present disclosure is applied to individuals 40 years of age or older, e.g., 40, 45, 50, 55, 60, 65, 70, 75, 80, 85, or 90 years or older. In particular, individuals 40 years of age or older are of interest for colorectal cancer and/or advanced adenoma screening. In some embodiments, screening using methods and compositions of the present disclosure is applied to individuals 18 years of age or older, e.g., 18, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 55, 60, 65, 70, 75, 80, 85, or 90 years or older. In some embodiments, screening using methods and compositions of the present disclosure is applied to individuals 18 to 40 years of age. In various embodiments, screening using methods and compositions of the present disclosure is applied to individuals experiencing abdominal pain or discomfort, e.g., experiencing undiagnosed or incompletely diagnosed abdominal pain or discomfort. In various embodiments, screening using methods and compositions of the present disclosure is applied to individuals experiencing no symptoms likely to be associated with a cancer or a colorectal neoplasm such as advanced adenoma, polyposis, and/or colorectal cancer. Thus, in certain embodiments, screening using methods and compositions of the present disclosure is fully or partially preventative or prophylactic, at least with respect to later or non-early stages of cancer. In various embodiments, cancer screening using methods and compositions of the present disclosure can be applied to an asymptomatic human subject. In particular, a subject can be referred to as “asymptomatic” if the subject does not report, and/or demonstrate by non-invasively observable indicia (e.g., without one, several, or all of device-based probing, tissue sample analysis, bodily fluid analysis, surgery, or cancer screening), sufficient characteristics of the condition to support a medically reasonable suspicion that the subject is likely suffering from the condition. Detection of a colorectal neoplasm such as advanced adenoma and/or early stage colorectal cancer is particularly likely in asymptomatic individuals screened in accordance with methods and compositions of the present disclosure. Those of skill in the art will appreciate that regular, preventative, and/or prophylactic screening for a colorectal neoplasm such as advanced adenoma and/or colorectal cancer improves diagnosis. As noted above, early stage cancers include, according to at least one system of cancer staging, Stages 0 to II C of colorectal cancer. Thus, the present disclosure provides, among other things, methods and compositions particularly useful for the diagnosis and treatment of colorectal neoplasms including advanced adenoma, polyposis and/or early stage colorectal cancer. Generally, and particularly in embodiments in which screening in accordance with the present disclosure is carried out annually, and/or in which a subject is asymptomatic at time of screening, methods and compositions of the present invention are especially likely to detect early stage colorectal cancer. In various embodiments colorectal cancer screening in accordance with the present disclosure is performed once for a given subject or multiple times for a given subject. In various embodiments, colorectal cancer screening in accordance with the present disclosure is performed on a regular basis, e.g., every six months, annually, every two years, every three years, every four years, every five years, or every ten years. In various embodiments, screening using methods and compositions disclosed herein will provide a diagnosis of a condition (e.g., a type or class of a colorectal neoplasm). In other instances, screening for colorectal neoplasms using methods and compositions disclosed herein will be indicative of having one or more conditions, but not definitive for diagnosis of a particular condition. For example, screening may be used to classify a subject as having one or more conditions or combination of conditions including, but not limited to, advanced adenoma and/or colorectal cancer. In various instances, screening using methods and compositions of the present disclosure can be followed by a further diagnosis-confirmatory assay, which further assay can confirm, support, undermine, or reject a diagnosis resulting from prior screening, e.g., screening in accordance with the present disclosure. In various embodiments, screening in accordance with methods and compositions of the present disclosure reduces colorectal cancer mortality, e.g., by early colorectal cancer diagnosis. Data supports that colorectal cancer screening reduces colorectal cancer mortality, which effect persisted for over 30 years (see, e.g., Shaukat 2013 N Engl J Med. 369(12):1106-14). Moreover, colorectal cancer is particularly difficult to treat at least in part because colorectal cancer, absent timely screening, may not be detected until cancer is past early stages. For at least this reason, treatment of colorectal cancer is often unsuccessful. To maximize population-wide improvement of colorectal cancer outcomes, utilization of screening in accordance with the present disclosure can be paired with, e.g., recruitment of eligible subjects to ensure widespread screening. In various embodiments, screening of colorectal neoplasms including one or more methods and/or compositions disclosed herein is followed by treatment of colorectal cancer, e.g., treatment of early stage colorectal cancer. In various embodiments, treatment of colorectal cancer, e.g., early stage colorectal cancer, includes administration of a therapeutic regimen including one or more of surgery, radiation therapy, and chemotherapy. In various embodiments, treatment of colorectal cancer, e.g., early stage colorectal cancer, includes administration of a therapeutic regimen including one or more of treatments provided herein for treatment of stage 0 colorectal cancer, stage I colorectal cancer, and/or stage II colorectal cancer. In various embodiments, treatment of colorectal cancer includes treatment of early stage colorectal cancer, e.g., stage 0 colorectal cancer or stage I colorectal cancer, by one or more of surgical removal of cancerous tissue e.g., by local excision (e.g., by colonoscope), partial colectomy, or complete colectomy. In various embodiments, treatment of colorectal cancer includes treatment of early stage colorectal cancer, e.g., stage II colorectal cancer, by one or more of surgical removal of cancerous tissue (e.g., by local excision (e.g., by colonoscope), partial colectomy, or complete colectomy), surgery to remove lymph nodes near to identified colorectal cancer tissue, and chemotherapy (e.g., administration of one or more of 5-FU and leucovorin, oxaliplatin, or capecitabine). In various embodiments, treatment of colorectal cancer includes treatment of stage III colorectal cancer, by one or more of surgical removal of cancerous tissue (e.g., by local excision (e.g., by colonoscopy-based excision), partial colectomy, or complete colectomy), surgical removal of lymph nodes near to identified colorectal cancer tissue, chemotherapy (e.g., administration of one or more of 5-FU, leucovorin, oxaliplatin, capecitabine, e.g., in a combination of (i) 5-FU and leucovorin, (ii) 5-FU, leucovorin, and oxaliplatin (e.g., FOLFOX), or (iii) capecitabine and oxaliplatin (e.g., CAPEOX)), and radiation therapy. In various embodiments, treatment of colorectal cancer includes treatment of stage IV colorectal cancer, by one or more of surgical removal of cancerous tissue (e.g., by local excision (e.g., by colonoscope), partial colectomy, or complete colectomy), surgical removal of lymph nodes near to identified colorectal cancer tissue, surgical removal of metastases, chemotherapy (e.g., administration of one or more of 5-FU, leucovorin, oxaliplatin, capecitabine, irinotecan, VEGF-targeted therapeutic agent (e.g., bevacizumab, ziv-aflibercept, or ramucirumab), EGFR-targeted therapeutic agent (e.g., cetuximab or panitumumab), Regorafenib, trifluridine, and tipiracil, e.g., in a combination of or including (i) 5-FU and leucovorin, (ii) 5-FU, leucovorin, and oxaliplatin (e.g., FOLFOX), (iii) capecitabine and oxaliplatin (e.g., CAPEOX), (iv) leucovorin, 5-FU, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan (FOLFOXIRI), and (v) trifluridine and tipiracil (Lonsurf)), radiation therapy, hepatic artery infusion (e.g., if cancer has metastasized to liver), ablation of tumors, embolization of tumors, colon stent, colorectomy, colostomy (e.g., diverting colostomy), and immunotherapy (e.g., pembrolizumab). Those of skill in the art that treatments of colorectal cancer provided herein can be utilized, e.g., as determined by a medical practitioner, alone or in any combination, in any order, regimen, and/or therapeutic program. Those of skill in the art will further appreciate that advanced treatment options may be appropriate for earlier stage cancers in subjects previously having suffered a cancer or colorectal cancer, e.g., subjects diagnosed as having a recurrent colorectal cancer. In some embodiments, methods and compositions for colorectal neoplasm screening provided herein can inform treatment and/or payment (e.g., reimbursement for or reduction of cost of medical care, such as screening or treatment) decisions and/or actions, e.g., by individuals, healthcare facilities, healthcare practitioners, health insurance providers, governmental bodies, or other parties interested in healthcare cost. In some embodiments, methods and compositions for colorectal neoplasm screening provided herein can inform decision making relating to whether health insurance providers reimburse a healthcare cost payer or recipient (or not), e.g., for (1) screening itself (e.g., reimbursement for screening otherwise unavailable, available only for periodic/regular screening, or available only for temporally- and/or incidentally-motivated screening); and/or for (2) treatment, including initiating, maintaining, and/or altering therapy, e.g., based on screening results. For example, in some embodiments, methods and compositions for colorectal neoplasm screening provided herein are used as the basis for, to contribute to, or support a determination as to whether a reimbursement or cost reduction will be provided to a healthcare cost payer or recipient. In some instances, a party seeking reimbursement or cost reduction can provide results of a screen conducted in accordance with the present specification together with a request for such reimbursement or cost reduction of a healthcare cost. In some instances, a party making a determination as to whether or not to provide a reimbursement or cost reduction of a healthcare cost will reach a determination based in whole or in part upon receipt and/or review of results of a screen conducted in accordance with the present specification. For the avoidance of any doubt, those of skill in the art will appreciate from the present disclosure that methods and compositions for colorectal cancer diagnosis of the present specification are at least for in vitro use. Accordingly, all aspects and embodiments of the present disclosure can be performed and/or used at least in vitro. Kits The present disclosure includes, among other things, kits including one or more compositions for use in screening as provided herein, optionally in combination with instructions for use thereof in screening (e.g., screening for advanced adenoma, colorectal cancer, other cancers, or other diseases or conditions associated with an aberrant methylation status, e.g., neurodegenerative diseases, gastrointestinal disorders, and the like). In various embodiments, a kit for screening a diseases or conditions associated with an aberrant methylation status can include one or more oligonucleotide probes (e.g., one or more biotinylated oligonucleotide probes). In certain embodiments, the kit for screening optionally includes one or more bisulfite conversion reagents as disclosed herein. In certain embodiments, the kit for screening optionally includes one or more enzymatic conversion reagents as disclosed herein. In certain embodiments, the kit for screening may include one or more adapters as described herein. In certain embodiments, the kit may include one or more reagents used in library preparation. In certain embodiments, the kit may include software (e.g., for analyzing methylation status of DMRs). EXAMPLES Example 1: Identification of Markers Associated with Colorectal Cancer and Advanced Adenoma The purpose of this Example was to identify differentially methylated regions (DMRs) in DNA of colorectal cancer and colonic adenoma samples (e.g., samples from subjects having advanced adenoma). Identification of DMRs was performed by comparing DNA of subjects having colorectal cancer and/or colonic adenomas with matching control samples. This comparison allowed for development of methods that would elucidate colorectal cancer and advanced adenoma related methylation patterns from cell-free (cfDNA). Whole genome bisulfite sequencing (WGBS) was used to identify differences in methylation status in samples of genomic DNA (gDNA) and cfDNA obtained from a variety of sources. gDNA was obtained from tissue samples with different histological backgrounds (e.g., colorectal cancer, colonic adenoma, lung cancer, breast cancer, pancreatic cancer, gastric cancer, and matching controls) and buffy coat samples. Genomic DNA (gDNA) from tissue and buffy coat samples was extracted using a DNeasy Blood & Tissue kit (Qiagen) according to a manufacturer's protocol. Extracted gDNA was then further processed in order to fragment it. For example, gDNA was fragmented into segments having lengths of about 400 bp with a Covaris S220 ultra-sonicator. cfDNA from plasma samples was extracted using QIAamp Circulating Nucleic Acid kit (Qiagen) according to the manufacturer's protocol. The extracted and fragmented gDNA (genomic DNA) and cfDNA was bisulfite-converted with EZ DNA Methylation-Lightning kit (ZymoResearch). Sequencing libraries were prepared from the bisulfite converted DNA fragments by using Accel-NGS Methyl-seq DNA library kit (Swift Biosciences). The converted DNA fragments were sequenced with average depth of 37.5× with NovaSeq6000 (Illumina) equipment, using paired-end sequencing. For this experiment, paired-end sequencing was conducted such that 150 bp of each end of a converted DNA fragment was covered (e.g., 2×150). The sequenced reads were aligned to a bisulfite-converted human genome (Ensembl 91 assembly) using Bisulfite Read Mapper with Bowtie 2. The following steps were used to align sequenced reads to a bisulfite-converted human genome:
 
     
     
         1. Evaluation of the sequencing quality 2. Alignment to a reference genome (hG38) 3. Deduplication and cleaning from adapter dimers 4. Methylation calling (e.g., identification of methylated nucleic acids) Differentially methylated region analysis was done by comparing beta ((3) values of individual CpGs of the colon cancer and/or colonic adenoma tissue samples to a matching control tissue. The β-value reflects methylation level of CpG reads in a sample. A (3 value of 0 indicates no methylated reads were found at a specific CpG location, while a (3 value of 1 indicates that all reads were fully methylated. Individual CpG methylation value scores were combined into regions of having a minimum of 3 CpGs within 50 bp distance of one another. The q-value of the region, which is the p-value corrected with a between-group label permutation test, was evaluated in order to select for regions of DNA from subjects with colorectal cancer and/or colonic adenoma which were significantly differently methylated from the same region in DNA obtained from a control subject. A q-value <0.05 was considered to show high statistical significance of a differentially methylated region (DMR). Significant regions were further evaluated to determine if there was a significant methylation signal compared to tissue samples with non-colorectal cancer origin, control tissue samples of non-colorectal origin, buffy coat samples, and cfDNA from healthy individuals. In total, 6061 DMRs were initially identified as being significant for colorectal cancer and/or advanced adenoma. These DMRs include regions that are more indicative of colorectal cancer, DMRs that are more indicative of different histological subtypes of colonic adenomas, and regions that are indicative of both colorectal cancer and advanced adenoma. Further cancer signal analysis was done using on the selected target regions from whole genome sequencing data using a read-wise signal scoring method. Thresholds were calculated in tissue-control paired samples to allow maximum separation between cancer and control reads. The calculated scores were applied to each read obtained from plasma cfDNA of subjects. Example 2: Feature Evaluation and Algorithm Development The purpose of this Example was to identify which differentially methylated regions (DMRs) from Example 1 were more indicative of colorectal cancer and/or advanced adenoma and could be used for subsequent panel development. The work performed in this Example evaluated about 2000 DMRs that were found to be more indicative of colorectal cancer. The initial target regions and a prediction model were employed on the sample set of about 2000 DMRs in a train-verification setting. Results obtained from the larger sample set served as basis for further QC pipeline definition and optimization of cancer signal detection methods described herein. Methods FIG.  5 500 500 505 510 515 520 525 530 535 540 545 550 555 560 565 Sample Set The study was conducted under the approval of The Research Ethics Committee of the Virgen del Rocio Hospital of Sevilla, Spain (Ethical Committee Approval ref: 2014PI/155). All patients provided written informed consent prior to sample collection. Patient Cohorts Blood samples were collected in endoscopy units and clinics from average risk patients prior to colonoscopy for screening or due to fecal occult blood (pre-colonoscopy samples). CRC (colorectal cancer) numbers were enriched through prospective enrollment of CRC patients from oncology units before CRC treatment, and samples obtained from biobanks (post-colonoscopy samples). The stage of the colorectal cancer patients was defined as per the AJCC Cancer Staging Manual 8th Edition, which is incorporated by reference in its entirety. Pre-colonoscopy blood samples were collected a maximum of 60 days prior to colonoscopy through the day of colonoscopy, but prior to administration of any sedatives for the procedure. In order to include a patient, the colonoscopy had to reach the cecum and visibility had to be “Good” or “Excellent” for each segment of the colorectum. Patients were assigned to a condition group based on colonoscopy and pathology findings. Colonoscopy and pathology findings included findings of colorectal cancer (CRC), advanced adenoma (AA), non-advanced adenoma (NAA), hyperplastic polyps, or healthy (e.g., “normal”) colorectum. Subjects having AA were defined as subjects having an adenoma equal to or greater than 1 cm, tubulovillous histology, high-grade dysplasia, and/or serrated adenoma with dysplasia, carcinoma in situ. Blood samples from post-colonoscopy patients awaiting CRC treatment were collected at least 3 days after colonoscopy. The average time for collection was 15 days post-colonoscopy. The time for collection ranged from 3 to 75 days. Study Inclusion Criteria Participants could be female or male and were required to be at least 45 years of age. Study Exclusion Criteria The exclusion criteria were: (1) prior diagnosis of cancer, except for patients with newly diagnosed colorectal cancer, (2) family history of CRC, (3) personal or family history of genetic cancer predisposition, (4) prior diagnosis of benign gastrointestinal disease, (5) pregnancy, and (6) for participants with colorectal cancer, current or prior therapy for the current cancer. Current or prior therapy included: surgical management beyond that required to establish diagnosis, chemotherapy, immunotherapy, hormone therapy, and/or radiation therapy. Plasma Sample Collection Protocol Plasma samples were collected using one of two methods. In the first method, plasma was collected using K2 EDTA Tubes. Plasma collected with these types of tubes was extracted with double-spin centrifugation within 2 hours of collection. In the second method, plasma was collected with Cell-Free DNA BCT® Streck tubes. Plasma was then extracted with double-spin centrifugation within 2 days of collection. In both methods, plasma was stored at −80° C. until it was analyzed. cfDNA Extraction from Plasma and Quality Control Samples cfDNA was extracted from 4 mL of human plasma using a QIAamp MinElute ccfDNA Midi Kit (Qiagen) according to the manufacturer's specifications. cfDNA concentration was measured using the Qubit® dsDNA HS Assay Kit (Thermo Fisher Scientific). cfDNA quality was assessed with DNF-474 NGS fragment kit on a Fragment Analyzer (Agilent). A minimum 10 ng of extracted cfDNA is required to pass into next step. Bisulfite and Enzymatic Conversion of DNA Between 10 ng and 20 ng of cfDNA from each of patient was bisulfite treated using an optimized EZ DNA Methylation-Direct Kit (Zymo). NEB Next Enzymatic Methyl-seq Conversion Module (NEB) kit was used together with formamide denaturation on 16 replicate samples. Results from the replicate samples prepared with an enzymatic method are compared with bisulfite converted samples in Example 3. Deamination of the cfDNA helps in identification of methylated and unmethylated cytosine residues, particularly at CpG sites. The NEB kit is an enzyme-based alternative method to bisulfite conversion for deamination of the cfDNA. In the enzymatic method, TET2 oxidizes methylated cytosines (both 5-methylcytosine (5-mC) and 5-hydroxymethylcytosine (5-hmC)). Following oxidation, APOBEC (apolipoprotein B mRNA editing enzyme, catalytic polypeptide-like) was used to treat the DNA. Unmodified cytosines (e.g., unmethylated cytosines unaffected by TET2 oxidation), are deaminated to uracils. In the enzymatic method, 10 μl of TET2 reaction buffer, 1 μl DTT (Dithiothreitol), 1 μl oxidation supplement and 1 μl of TET2 were added to 28 μl of DNA. 5 μl of diluted Fe(II) solution was added and incubated for 1 h at 37° C. DNA oxidation was then stopped. Oxidized DNA was then cleaned. 4 μl of formamide was added to 16 μl of oxidized DNA for denaturation. The following was then added to 20 μl of denatured DNA: 68 μl of water, 10 μl APOBEC Reaction Buffer, 1 μl BSA, and 1 μl APOBEC. The solution was then incubated at 37° C. for 3 hours. An optimized version of the EZ DNA Methylation-Direct Kit (Zymo) protocol was used as is presented below. The optimized version of the protocol contains various quality controls and experimental parameters which are important to maintaining the integrity of the sequenced cfDNA and/or identifying if any errors are present in the processes. Artificially methylated and unmethylated spike-in (Premium RRBS kit [Diagenode]) control sequences were added to all cfDNA samples prior to conversion of the cfDNA. The spike-in control sequences were added in using a 1:10000 ratio (by volume) of spike-in control to cfDNA. In the optimized version of the protocol presented below, the ratio of the CT Conversion Reagent to sample is lower than a standard ratio. For example, in a standard protocol, 20 μl of sample and 130 μl of CT Conversion Reagent may be used. In the protocol presented below, 117 μl CT conversion reagent was used for 330 of sample. The increased amount of sample accounted for low amounts of starting material. In addition, increasing the amount of sample and/or decreasing the amount of bisulfite reagent may be done to compensate for the aggressive nature of the bisulfite reagent, which may further fragment the DNA. Additionally, the temperatures of the denaturation and conversion cycles and number of denaturation-conversion cycles were changed. In a standard protocol, a denaturation-conversion cycle is run a single time. In addition under standard protocols, denaturation is conducted at 98° C. for 8 mins, while conversion is conducted at 64° C. for 3.5 hours. CT Conversion Reagent was a reagent which contained sodium metabisulphite. The reagent was used in bisulfite conversion of cfDNA. As provided by the manufacturer, each tube of CT Conversion Reagent was designed for 10 separate DNA treatments. CT Conversion Reagent was prepared as follows: 1. 790 μl of M-Solubilization Buffer and 300 μl of M-Dilution Buffer was added to a tube of CT Conversion Reagent. 2. The solution was mixed at room temperature with frequent vortexing or shaking for 10 minutes (Keep in the dark). 3. 160 μl of M-Reaction Buffer was added to the solution and mixed for an additional 1 minute. Note: It was normal to see trace amounts of undissolved reagent in the CT Conversion Reagent. The CT Conversion Reagent was light sensitive, its exposure to light was minimized.
 
     
     
         117 μl CT conversion reagent was added to 330 of sample. The solution was pipetted up and down about 5-times. The sample was mixed by inversion and then centrifuged briefly to ensure no droplets were in the cap or sides of the tube. The samples were put in the thermocycler and run using the following protocol: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Cycle Step Temperature Time Cycles 
 
 
 Denaturation 95° C.  1 min 20 
 Conversion 60° C. 10 min 
 Hold  4° C. O/N / 
 
     
     
         If the samples were not ready, the M-Wash buffer was prepared by adding 24 ml of 100% ethanol to the 6 ml M-Wash Buffer concentrate (D5020) or 96 ml of 100% ethanol to the 24 ml M-Wash Buffer concentrate (D5021). 600 μl of M-Binding Buffer was added into a Zymo-Spin™ IC Column and the column was placed into a provided Collection Tube. The sample was loaded into the Zymo-Spin™ IC Column containing the M-Binding Buffer. The cap was closed and the sample was mixed by inverting the column several times. The column was centrifuged at full speed (13000 g) for 1 min. The flow-through was discarded. 100 μl of M-Wash Buffer was added to the column. The column was centrifuged at full speed (13000 g) for 1 min. 200 μl of M-Desulphonation Buffer was added to the column and incubated at room temperature (20-30° C.) for exactly 30 minutes. After this incubation period, the column was centrifuged at full speed (13000 g) for 1 min. 200 μl of M-Wash Buffer was added to the column. The column was centrifuged at full speed (13000 g) for 1 min. The flow-through was discarded. Another 200 μl of M-Wash Buffer was added to the column and the column was centrifuged at a higher speed (15000 g) for 1.5 min. The column was placed into a 1.5 ml microcentrifuge tube. 17 μl of M-Elution Buffer was added directly to the column matrix and incubated for 2 min. The column was centrifuged for 1.5 min at full speed (20000 g) to elute the DNA. A second elution was performed by transferring the eluate to the column membrane and waiting for 2 min. The column was centrifuged for 1.5 min at full speed (20000 g) to elute the DNA. 150 of each bisulfited cfDNA sample was transferred to 8-strip tubes with RNAse/DNAse-free cap and frozen at −20° C. for subsequent library preparation. Converted cfDNA quality was assessed using RNA 6000 Pico Kit (Agilent) on a Fragment Analyzer™ (Agilent). Library Preparation Converted cfDNA was used as input for NGS (next generation sequencing) library preparation. The Accel-NGS® Methyl-Seq DNA Library Kit (Swift Bioscience) was used to prepare a library using the converted cfDNA.  FIG.  6 600 610 620 630 640 Optimal library amplification was assessed by qPCR using KAPA SYBR® FAST (Sigma-Aldrich) on LightCycler® 96 System (Roche). qPCR was used to measure a total concentration of a prepared library, as described herein. The minimum amount of library material required was about 200 ng. qPCR determines the optimal number of PCR cycles that may need to be performed in order to obtain the minimum amount of library material. The generated DNA libraries were first purified on IP-Star® Compact Automated System (Diagenode Cat #B03000002) using Agencourt® AMPure® XP (Beckman Coulter), then quantified using Qubit™ dsDNA HS Assay Kit (Thermo Fisher Scientific) and finally their size assessed with High Sensitivity NGS Fragment Analysis Kit (DNF-474) on a Fragment Analyzer™ (Agilent). Hybrid Capture 120-bp biotinylated DNA probes were designed for targeted (e.g., selective) enrichment of bisulfite or enzymatically-converted DNA. 120-bp probes were designed to target either hypermethylated fragments (100% methylated CpGs) or hypomethylated fragments (100% unmethylated CpGs) of pre-determined regions (e.g., methylation markers, mutation markers). Probes were designed such that there were at least one probe per strand and one probe per methylation status. That is, there were two probes targeting the coding strand and two probes targeting the non-coding strand. One of the two probes in each pair targeted a methlyated fragment, while the other probe targeted an unmethylated fragment. For capturing partially methylated regions, a mismatch count of 8 is used for the probe and target region (e.g., up to about 8 bases may be mismatched (e.g., form non-Watson-Crick base pairings) between a DNA fragment belonging to a target region and a capture probe). In this experiment, probes for methylation targets were designed using 1× tiling density. Probes for mutation targets were designed using 3× tiling density with each base in the target being covered by at least 3 different probes (e.g., where there is substantial overlap between the probes). The mutation probes were designed using 3× tiling to assure higher capture efficiency for low CG content regions (e.g., regions having from about 30% to about 40% GC content) that otherwise would be under-represented. Tiling density refers to the coverage of the target region by probes. For example, probes designed having 1× tiling density would cover each base of the target region at least once. Probes with 3× tiling density would cover the target region at least 3×. A custom algorithm aligned candidate probes to the genome and scored the number potential of on- and off-target mapping events. Probes with >250 genomic regions globally mapping to off-target regions, were omitted from the final panel design. Biotinylated probes were synthesized and combined into a final targeted methylation panel. Off-target mapping was done also after the initial assay design and testing. Targets were omitted if they caused more than 1% off-target capture in an actual panel. Purified libraries (about 187.5 ng each) were pooled together in 8-plex, dried using concentrator plus (Eppendorf) and captured using a Fast Hybridization Target Enrichment Protocol by Twist® and a customized panel probes as described herein, which was designed to capture methylation and mutation targets of interest. Fragments bound to biotinylated probes were captured using streptavidin coated beads. The captured fragments from the purified libraries were reamplified using PCR amplification for 11 cycles following manufacturer's protocol. The amplified libraries were then purified with Twist beads. An exemplary method describing the Twist Fast Hybridization Target Enrichment protocol is presented below. Of note, maintaining a temperature of 70° C. the Fast Wash Buffer 1 during steps (e.g., steps 23-28) was important for GC rich regions. Differences in temperatures at these steps lead to higher than expected GC dropout rates (e.g., a GC dropout rate greater than 6%). For example, when the Fast Wash Buffer 1 was used at 65° C., GC dropout rates were about 30%, which was surprisingly high. Accordingly, minimizing pipetting time and maintaining the temperature of the Fast Wash Buffer 1 and sample-Fast Wash Buffer 1 mixtures were important. Twist Fast Hybridization Target Enrichment Protocol Before Beginning All required reagents were thawed on ice, then pulse-vortex for 2 seconds to mix and pulse-spin. In preparation for hybridization of capture probes with library pools, library pools were also thawed on ice: From the Twist Fast Hybridization Reagents:
 
     
     
         Fast Hybridization Mix Hybridization Enhancer 1. The concentration of each amplified, indexed library was used to calculate the volume (in μl) of each library needed for hybridization. The calculated volumes from each amplified, indexed library were transferred to a hybridization reaction tube (e.g., a 0.2-ml thin-walled PCR strip-tube, a 96-well plate) for each hybridization reaction to be performed. Preparation of the Pre-Hybridization Solution 2. The following volumes of reagents were added to each amplified indexed library to create a pre-hybridization solution as shown in Table 1 below. The solution was mixed by flicking the tubes. 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 1 
 
 
 Volumes of Reagents for Pre-Hybridization Solution 
 
 
 Reagent Volume 
 
 Twist Probe Panel 4 μL 
 Optional: Secondary Panel (if a secondary 4 μL 
 panel is not used, do not add water as the 
 entire solution will be dried) 
 Universal Blocker 8 μL 
 Blocker Solution 5 μL 
 3. Tubes were pulse-spun and it was ensured that there were a minimal number of bubbles present in the solution. 4. The pre-hybridization solution (including library, probes, blockers) were dried in the tubes used for the hybridization reaction using a SpeedVac system (or a similar evaporator device) using low or no-heat. IMPORTANT: Step 12 to 18 (below) were performed concurrently to the pre-hybridization solution dry down and for hybridizations under 30 minutes. The aliquoted libraries and hybridization reaction solution from Step 1 were used, as well as the thawed Fast Hybridization Mix and Hybridization Enhancer. IMPORTANT: Before proceeding with this step, the compatibility of the thermal cycler and PCR tubes or plates were tested by incubating them at 95° C. for up to 5 minutes to ensure they did not crack under heat and pressure. The tightness of the thermal cycler lid was adjusted and/or a spacer specific to the thermal cycler model was used. Reagents Required
 
     
     
         Dried hybridization reaction (from Step 4) Reagents thawed: Fast Hybridization Mix Hybridization Enhancer Before Beginning A 96-well thermocycler was programmed with the following conditions in Table 2 and the heated lid was set to 85° C.: 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 2 
 
 
 Thermocycler Program Steps. 
 
 
 Step Temperature Time 
 
 1 95° C. HOLD 
 2 95° C. 5 min 
 3 60° C. 15 min to 4 hours 
 Resuspending the Pre-Hybridization Solution 5. The Fast Hybridization Mix was heated to 65° C. for 10 minutes, or until all precipitate was dissolved. The mix was vortexed and used immediately. The Fast Hybridization Mix was not allowed to cool to room temperature. 6. The dried pre-hybridization solution from Step 4 was resuspended in 20 μl Fast Hybridization Mix. Some notes to consider when following this process are presented as follows. If this resuspended solution required transfer into a secondary vessel for hybridization, the resuspended solution was mixed by flicking and an additional 5 minutes was added to incubation for resuspension. Fast Hybridization Mix is viscous. The mix was pipetted slowly to ensure accuracy. Small white particles present in the capture probes did not affect the final capture product. 7. Tubes were pulse-spun and it was ensured that there were no bubbles present. 8. 30 μl Hybridization Enhancer was added to the top of the pre-hybridization solution. 9. Tubes were pulse-spun to ensure all solution was at the bottom of the tubes. NOTE: Hybridization Enhancer settled on top of the hybridization reaction after the pulse-spin. This did not affect the final capture product. Tubes were transferred to the preheated thermocycler. The program was then moved to Steps 2 and 3 of the thermocycler program. IMPORTANT: Tubes were sealed tightly to prevent evaporation over the incubation time period. Binding Hybridized Targets to Streptavidin Beads Reagents Required
 
     
     
         Hybridization reactions prepared as above. From the Twist Fast Wash Buffers:
         
             Fast Binding Buffer Fast Wash Buffer 1 Wash Buffer 2 From Twist Binding and Purification Beads:
         
             Streptavidin Binding Beads Before Beginning The following reagents were inspected for precipitate. If a precipitate was observed, the reagent was heated at 48° C. until the precipitate was dissolved:
 
     
     
         Fast Binding Buffer Fast Wash Buffer 1 Wash Buffer 2 For each hybridization reaction:
 
     
     
         Preheat 450 μl Fast Wash Buffer 1 to 70° C. Preheat 700 μl Wash Buffer 2 to 48° C. The Streptavidin Binding Beads were equilibrated to room temperature for at least 30 minutes. It was important to maintain the temperature of the Fast Wash Buffer 1 at 70° C. Accordingly, pipetting time was minimized. Additionally, the Fast Wash Buffer 1 stayed on a heating block for the whole time of pipetting. In preparation for the steps of Post-Capture PCR Amplification, Purification, and Performing QC:
 
     
     
         DNA Purification Beads (from the Twist Binding and Purification Beads) were equilibrated to room temperature for at least 30 minutes KAPA HiFi HotStart ReadyMix was thawed on ice Amplification Primers (from the Twist Fast Hybridization and Wash Kit) were thawed on ice Once these reagents were thawed, the reagents were pulse-vortex for 2 seconds to mix. Preparation of the Beads 12. The pre-equilibrated Streptavidin Binding Beads were vortexed until mixed. 13. 100 μl Streptavidin Binding Beads were added to a 1.5-ml microcentrifuge tube. One tube was prepared for each hybridization reaction. 14. 200 μl Fast Binding Buffer was added to each of the tubes and mixed by pipetting. 15. The tubes were placed on a magnetic stand for 1 minute, then removed. The clear supernatant was discarded. The bead pellet was not disturbed. The tube was removed from the magnetic stand. 16. The wash steps (Steps 14 and 15) were repeated two more times for a total of three washes. 17. After removing the clear supernatant from the third wash, a final 200 μl Fast Binding Buffer was added. The beads were resuspended by vortexing until homogenized. 18. After the hybridization was complete, the thermal cycler lid was opened and the volume each hybridization reaction was quickly transfered (including Hybridization Enhancer) into a corresponding tube of washed Streptavidin Binding Beads from Step 18. The solution was mixed by pipetting and flicking. NOTE: Rapid transfer directly from the thermal cycler at 60° C. was a critical step for minimizing off-target binding. The tubes of hybridization reaction were not removed from the thermal cycler or otherwise allowed to cool to less than 60° C. before transferring the solution to the washed Streptavidin Binding Beads. Bind the Targets 19. The tubes of the hybridization reaction were mixed with the Streptavidin Binding Beads for 30 minutes at room temperature on a shaker, rocker, or rotator at a speed sufficient to keep the solution mixed. NOTE: The solutions were not vortexed. Aggressive mixing was not required. 20. The tubes containing the hybridization reaction with Streptavidin Binding Beads were removed from the mixer and pulse-spun to ensure all solution was at the bottom of the tubes. 21. The tubes were placed on a magnetic stand for 1 minute. 22. The clear supernatant including the Hybridization Enhancer was removed and discarded. The bead pellet was not disturbed. NOTE: A trace amount of Hybridization Enhancer was visible after supernatant removal and throughout each wash step in certain samples. It did not affect the final capture product. 23. The tubes were removed from the magnetic stand and 200 μl preheated Fast Wash Buffer 1 was added. The solution was mixed by pipetting. 24. The tubes were incubated for 5 minutes at 70° C. 25. The tubes were placed on a magnetic stand for 1 minute. 26. The clear supernatant was removed and discarded. The bead pellet was not disturbed. 27. The tubes were removed from the magnetic stand and an additional 200 μl of preheated Fast Wash Buffer 1 was added. The solutions were mixed by pipetting. 28. The tubes were incubated for 5 minutes at 70° C. 29. The entire volume from Step 28 (˜200 μl) was transferred into a new 1.5-ml microcentrifuge tube, with one per hybridization reaction. The tubes were placed on a magnetic stand for 1 minute. NOTE: A tube transfer was required at this step as it reduced background due to non-targeted library that may stick to the surface of the tube. 30. The clear supernatant was removed and discarded. The bead pellet was not disturbed. 31. The tubes were removed from the magnetic stand and 200 μl of 48° C. Wash Buffer 2 was added to each. The solution was mix by pipetting, and then pulse-spun to ensure all solution was at the bottom of the tubes. 32. The tubes were incubated for 5 minutes at 48° C. 33. The tubes were placed on a magnetic stand for 1 minute. 34. The clear supernatant was removed and discarded. The bead pellet was not disturbed. 35. The wash (Steps 31-34) was performed two more times, for a total of three washes. 36. After the final wash, a 10 μl pipette was used to remove all traces of supernatant. The next step was immediately followed. The beads were not allowed to dry. 37. The tubes were removed from the magnetic stand and 45 μl water was added. The solution was mixed by pipetting until homogenized. The solution, hereafter referred to as the Streptavidin Binding Bead slurry, was incubated on ice. Post-Capture PCR Amplification, Purification, and Performing QC Reagents Required
 
     
     
         Streptavidin Binding Bead slurry (from Step 38) Ethanol Molecular biology grade water Reagents thawed and equilibrated:
 
     
     
         DNA Purification Beads KAPA HiFi HotStart ReadyMix (or equivalent) Amplification Primers Agilent Bioanalyzer High Sensitivity DNA Kit (or equivalent) Thermo Fisher Scientific Qubit dsDNA High Sensitivity Quantitation Assay. Before Beginning 500 μl 80% ethanol was prepared for each Streptavidin Binding Bead slurry to be processed. Preparing the Beads, Thermocycler, and PCR Mix 38. A thermocycler was programmed with the following conditions as presented in Table 3 below. The heated lid was set to 105° C. As stated above, PCR amplification was performed for 11 cycles according to the below program. However, for certain samples more or fewer cycles were run based on the results of the results of a qPCR assessment performed as discussed above. 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 3 
 
 
 Thermocycler conditions for PCR. 
 
 
 Step Temperature Time Number of Cycles 
 
 
 
 1. Initialization 98° C. 45 sec 1 
 2. Denaturation 98° C. 15 sec 11 
 Annealing 60° C. 30 sec 
 Extension 72° C. 30 sec 
 3. Final Extension 72° C.  1 minute 1 
 4. Final Hold  4° C. HOLD — 
 NOTE: The number of amplification cycles varied depending on hybridization reaction size. 39. If the Streptavidin Binding Bead slurry settled, it was mixed by pipetting. 40. 22.5 μl of the Streptavidin Binding Bead slurry was transferred to a 0.2-ml thin-walled PCR strip-tube(s). 41. The solution was kept on ice until ready to use in the next step. NOTE: The remaining 22.5 μl water/Streptavidin Binding Bead slurry was stored at −20° C. for future use. A PCR mixture was prepared by adding the following reagents to the tubes containing the Streptavidin Binding Bead slurry. The solution was mixed by pipetting. PCR Amplification 42. The tubes were pulse-spun and transferred to the thermocycler. The cycling program was then started. 43. When the thermal cycler program was completed, the tubes were removed from the block and followed by purification steps. 44. DNA Purification Beads were vortexed to mix. 45. 90 μl (1.8×) homogenized DNA Purification Beads was added to each of the tubes from Step 44. The solution was mixed well by vortexing. NOTE: It was not necessary to recover supernatant or remove Streptavidin Binding Beads from the amplified PCR product. 46. The solution was incubated for 5 minutes at room temperature. 47. The tubes were placed on a magnetic plate for 1 minute. 48. Without removing the tubes from the magnetic plate, the clear supernatant was removed and discarded. 49. The DNA Purification Bead pellet was washed with 200 μl freshly prepared 80% ethanol for 1 minute, then removed. The ethanol was discarded. This wash was repeated once, for a total of two washes, while the tube was kept on the magnetic plate. 50. Using a 10 μl pipet, all residual ethanol was removed. The bead pellet was not disturbed. 51. The bead pellet was air-dried on a magnetic plate for 5-10 minutes or until the bead pellet was dry. Care was taken to not overdry the bead pellet. 52. The tubes from the magnetic plate were removed and 32 μl water was added. The solution was mixed by pipetting until homogenized and incubated at room temperature for 2 minutes. 53. The tubes were placed on a magnetic plate and let stand for 3 minutes or until the beads fully pelleted. 54. 30 μl of the clear supernatant containing the enriched library was transferred to a clean thin-walled PCR 0.2-ml strip-tube, while making sure not to disturb the bead pellet. 55. Each enriched library was validated and quantified using an Agilent Bioanalyzer High Sensitivity DNA Kit and a Thermo Fisher Scientific Qubit dsDNA High Sensitivity Quantitation Assay. NOTE: When using the Agilent Bioanalyzer High Sensitivity DNA Kit, 0.5 μl of the final sample was loaded. 56. Average fragment length was about 375-425 bp using a range setting of 150-1,000 bp. Final concentration for samples was greater than or equal to 15 ng/μl, but this depended on the hybridization reaction size, hybridization time, and number of PCR cycles used. The captured library pools were then pooled together to be sequenced on Illumina NovaSeq SP PE150 (1 lane each 96 samples). Bioinformatics Workflow Sequencing Data Analysis The bioinformatics workflow included genome preparation according to pre-determined regions of interest. The alignment was conducted for pre-determined regions of interest and sequences not within these regions are discarded. A bioinformatics workflow ( 700 FIG.  7 701 702 703 704 705 706 707 708 707 708 The final outputs of the bioinformatics workflow were:
 
     
     
         .bam files that include trimmed, aligned, deduplicated and quality filtered reads for the targets (e.g., methylation and/or mutation markers) of interest; .bam files that include trimmed, aligned, deduplicated and quality filtered reads for the spike-in control sequences. Spike-in control sequences were used for conversion quality control (e.g., determination of a conversion rate, e.g., conversion efficiency); and .xsl files with summaries of statistics per sample and per region analyzed (used for sample and region quality control). Cancer Signal Deduction and Prediction Algorithm .bam files of the samples were further used for assigning read-wise methylation values. Pre-defined thresholds based on reads having a minimum pre-determined CpG number and a minimum methylation percentage were applied to each sequencing read in a target region of interest. Each read in each target region (e.g., a DMR) received a score of 1 or 0 depending on whether the read passed a threshold or not. The scores were then summed to find a total number of reads of a DMR that passed the threshold condition. Read-wise methylation values were further normalized using an effective library size of an individual sample. The resulting values were log  2 Colorectal Cancer Model A training set of colorectal cancer samples and colonoscopy negative control samples was used for initial feature filtering using a 50-fold Monte Carlo cross-validation. In each iteration, 50% of the samples were used as training samples and 50% of the samples were used as validation samples. Sequential Backward Selection (SBS) was used for dimensionality reduction to avoid overfitting by reducing the complexity of the further prediction model building with random forest. Sequential backwards selection learns which features (e.g., DMRs) are most informative at each step, and then chooses the next feature depending on the already selected features. SBS is a sequential process where features from the full feature subset were removed until the new feature subspace contained a set of features upon which a model did not improve. A set of 203 marker regions (listed in  FIG.  2 Advanced Adenoma Model Preliminary analysis of markers for advanced adenoma detection potential was developed similarly to the colorectal cancer model. Using a pre-selected region list and AMBER score thresholds defined on colorectal cancer tissue samples, results obtained from advanced adenoma and control samples were evaluated separately in cross-validation setting. 50-fold Monte Carlo cross-validation was used in each iteration as above. In each iteration, 50% of the samples were used as training and 50% of samples were used for testing and validation. Sequential Backward Selection (SBS) was used for dimensionality reduction to avoid overfitting by reducing the complexity for prediction model building. Using SBS, a set of 220 marker regions (listed in  FIGS.  3 3 Results and Quality Filtering Based on evaluation of mapping quality, duplication level, conversion, and coverage, 37 samples were deemed invalid for additional analysis and were excluded. This left 70 colorectal cancer samples, 81 advanced adenoma samples, 37 non-advanced adenoma samples, 14 gastrointestinal disease samples, and 142 colonoscopy negative samples for further analysis. Colorectal Cancer Model Read-wise methylation values were used to train a machine learning model on 68 ctDNA samples as presented in Table 4 below. Samples analyzed were from 18 early stage (I-II) and 16 late-stage (III-IV) CRC patients and 34 age, BMI, gender and country of origin matched neoplasia-free controls. The median age of subjects was 63 [50-74], the mean BMI was 27 [19.5-37], 50% of subjects were female, 50% of CRCs were distal cancers. Subjects were from either Ukraine or Spain. 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 4 
 
 
 Training Subject Demographics. 
 
 
 Controls CRC 
 Characteristics (n = 34) (n = 34) 
 
 
 
 Age (years, mean (IQR)) 63  (50-74) 63  (50-74) 
 Gender (n (%)) 
 Female 17  (50%) 17  (50%) 
 Male 17  (50%) 17  (50%) 
 Body mass index  27  (19.5-32) 27  (20-37) 
 (kg/m 2 
 
 
 Stage 
 Stage I 10 
 Stage II 8 
 Stage III 11 
 Stage IV 5 
 Cancer Location 
 Proximal colon 17 
 Distal colon 17 
 This model was then applied to an independent, validation set of subjects as presented in Table 5 below. The subjects were from Spain, Ukraine, and Germany. Subjects included 36 stage I-IV cancer patients (median age 61.5 [55-82], BMI 28 [16-39], female 47%, 42% of the tumors were distal) and 159 age and sex matched controls. 87 of the control subjects had a negative colonoscopy finding (cNEG), 19 had hyperplastic polyps (HP), 37 had small non-advanced adenomas (NAA), and 16 were diagnosed with other benign gastrointestinal diseases (GID). 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 5 
 
 
 Validation Subject Demographics. 
 
 
 Controls HP NAA GID CRC 
 Characteristics (n = 87) (n = 19) (n = 37) (n = 16) (n = 36) 
 
 Age (years, mean 63 (46-79) 62 (50-71) 61 (45-78) 58 (50-78) 62 (55-82) 
 (IQR)) 
 Gender (n (%)) 
 Female 48 (55%)  6 (32%) 20 (54%)  9 (56%) 17 (47%) 
 Male 39 (45%) 13 (68%) 17 (46%)  7 (44%) 19 (53%) 
 Body mass index 27 (20-41.5) 28 (22-41) 29 (20-43) 27 (20-39) 29 (16-39) 
 (kg/m 2 
 Stage 
 Stage I  6 
 Stage II 13 
 Stage III 12 
 Unknown  3 
 Cancer Location 
 Proximal 21 
 Distal 15 
 Using a 203 marker panel as presented in  FIG.  2 FIG.  8 FIG.  9 FIGS.  10 10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  2 Further analysis was conducted on the 203 DMRs ( FIG.  2 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 6 
 
 KEGG Pathway Analysis Results. 
 
 
 
 
 
 DAVID KEGG Pathways 
 Term 
 hsa05216: Thyroid cancer 
 hsa04550: Signaling pathways regulating pluripotency 
 hsa05200: Pathways in cancer 
 hsa04015: Rap1 signaling pathway 
 Subset analysis of 203 DMRs showed that subsets of DMRs performed surprisingly well in distinguishing between CRC and control samples in the validation set. It was found that combinations of 2, 4, 9, and 24 DMRs performed well in identifying CRC subjects from control subjects. For example, a panel of only two DMRs showed an AUC of 78%. Though accuracy improves with increased numbers of DMRs, these smaller DMR panels may also be useful in identifying subjects suffering from CRC. Results of these subsets of DMR combinations are presented below in Table 7. 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 7 
 
 
 CRC DMR panels statistics. 
 
 
 Number of DMRs 
 
 
 2 4 9 24 203 
 
 AUC 0.78 0.83 0.87 0.92 0.97 
 Sensitivity 0.54 0.80 0.83 0.90 0.92 
 Specificity 0.89 0.72 0.64 0.72 0.97 
 Accuracy 0.82 0.74 0.68 0.76 0.93 
 Kappa 0.43 0.39 0.32 0.45 0.78 
 Tables 8, 9, 10, and 11 (presented below) correspond to the 2, 4, 9, and 24 DMR combinations, respectively, indicated in Table 7. DMRs listed in Tables 8, 9, 10, and 11 are also found in the 203 DMR panel shown in  FIG.  2 FIG.  2 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 8 
 
 
 2-DMR Panel for CRC. 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ. ID. NO. promoters 1to5 kb 5UTRs exons introns 3UTRs 
 
 7 96997902 96999222 SEQ ID NO.: 92 DLX6-AS1 
 8 96145538 96145718 SEQ ID NO.: 108 AP003465.2 GDF6 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 9 
 
 
 4-DMR Panel for CRC. 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ. ID. NO. promoters 1to5 kb 5UTRs exons introns 3UTRs 
 
 
 
 7 96997902 96999222 SEQ ID NO.: 92 DLX6-AS1 
 8 96145538 96145718 SEQ ID NO.: 108 AP003465.2 GDF6 
 2 100322218 100322818 SEQ ID NO.: 28 LONRF2 LONRF2 LONRF2 
 2 29115776 29116791 SEQ ID NO.: 17 CLIP4 CLIP4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 10 
 
 
 9-DMR Panel for CRC. 
 
 
 SEQ. ID. 
 chr start end NO. promoters 1to5 kb 5UTRs exons introns 3UTRs 
 
 
 
 7 96997902 96999222 SEQ ID DLX6- 
 NO.: 92 AS1 
 8 96145538 96145718 SEQ ID AP003465.2 GDF6 
 NO.: 108 
 2 100322218 100322818 SEQ ID LONRF2 LONRF2 LONRF2 
 NO.: 28 
 2 29115776 29116791 SEQ ID CLIP4 CLIP4 
 NO.: 17 
 2 88765502 88766042 SEQ ID ANKRD36BP2 ANKRD36BP2 
 NO.: 25 
 4 153249541 153249721 SEQ ID TRIM2 
 NO.: 55 
 2 86790271 86790811 SEQ ID CD8A CD8A 
 NO.: 24 
 2 176094518 176094878 SEQ ID HOXD12 HOXD13 HOXD13 
 NO.: 35 
 3 37453325 37453874 SEQ ID ITGA9 
 NO.: 41 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 11 
 
 
 24 DMR Panel for CRC. 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ. ID. NO. promoters 1to5 kb 5UTRs exons introns 3UTRs 
 
 
 
 7 96997902 96999222 SEQ ID NO.: 92 DLX6-AS1 
 8 96145538 96145718 SEQ ID NO.: 108 AP003465.2 GDF6 
 2 100322218 100322818 SEQ ID NO.: 28 LONRF2 LONRF2 LONRF2 
 2 29115776 29116791 SEQ ID NO.: 17 CLIP4 CLIP4 
 2 88765502 88766042 SEQ ID NO.: 25 ANKRD36BP2 ANKRD36BP2 
 4 153249541 153249721 SEQ ID NO.: 55 TRIM2 
 2 86790271 86790811 SEQ ID NO.: 24 CD8A CD8A 
 2 176094518 176094878 SEQ ID NO.: 35 HOXD12 HOXD13 HOXD13 
 3 37453325 37453874 SEQ ID NO.: 41 ITGA9 
 10 43105168 43105348 SEQ ID NO.: 124 RET RET 
 7 90596855 90597335 SEQ ID NO.: 90 AC002456.1 AC002456.1 AC002456.1 CDK14, 
 AC002456.1 
 6 28988380 28988560 SEQ ID NO.: 69 AL662791.1 
 19 53254542 53254962 SEQ ID NO.: 190 ZNF677 ZNF677, VN1R2 ZNF677 ZNF677 ZNF677 
 7 141072108 141073057 SEQ ID NO.: 99 TMEM178B 
 14 104117671 104117851 SEQ ID NO.: 159 MIR203B 
 6 163413139 163413679 SEQ ID NO.: 80 QKI QKI CAHM 
 5 38555799 38556399 SEQ ID NO.: 60 LIFR-AS1 LIFR-AS1 LIFR LIFR LIFR 
 2 95025733 95026933 SEQ ID NO.: 26 MAL, MAL MAL, MAL, 
 AC103563.7 AC103563.7 AC103563.7 
 7 35257235 35257535 SEQ ID NO.: 86 TBX20 
 1 2132912 2133092 SEQ ID NO.: 2 PRKCZ PRKCZ PRKCZ 
 3 128491607 128492807 SEQ ID NO.: 49 GATA2 GATA2 GATA2 GATA2 GATA2, 
 GATA2- 
 AS1 
 20 23049079 23049259 SEQ ID NO.: 193 THBD 
 1 243917149 243917569 SEQ ID NO.: 15 LINCO2774 LINCO2774 LINCO2774 
 1 38045915 38046095 SEQ ID NO.: 6 MIR3659HG POU3F1 
 In some embodiments, the present disclosure includes combinations of DMRs in which each of the DMRs is, includes all of, includes a portion of, or is present in a gene identified as being associated with a DMR of Table 8 (e.g., as shown in  FIG.  2 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 Advanced Adenoma Model Calculated read-wise methylation values corresponding to individual DMRs were used to build and cross-validate a machine learning model on 217 ctDNA samples from 81 patients with advanced adenomas and 136 age, BMI, gender and country of origin matched neoplasia-free controls. Statistics regarding the advanced adenomas subjects used in validation and training of the model are presented as follows: median age 63 [46-79], mean BMI 28 [19-48], female 51%. Subjects were from Spanish, Ukrainian, and German populations. The distribution of patients with different forms of advanced adenomas can be seen as listed below in Table 12. 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 12 
 
 
 Validation and Training Subject Demographics. 
 
 
 Advanced 
 Controls Adenoma 
 Sum 136 81 
 
 
 
 Advanced Adenoma Histology 
 Tubular 30 
 Tubulo villous 29 
 Serrated 15 
 Carcinoma in situ  7 
 Dysplasia grade 
 Tis  7 
 Characteristics High grade 25 
 >=1 cm 41 
 <1 cm (serrated with dysplasia  8 
 or tubulovillous low grade) 
 Age (years, mean (IQR)) 63 (46-78) 63 (50-79) 
 Gender (n (%)) 
 Female 69 (51%) 42 (52%) 
 Male 67 (49%) 39 (48%) 
 Body mass index (kg/m 2 28 (19.5-42) 28 (19-48) 
 mean (IQR)) 
 The SBS feature filtering method was evaluated in combination with RF, PLS-DA and SVM classification models to identify DMRs of interest. A SVM classification model based SBS selected features (DMRs) showed the best performance in a cross-validation setting. Statistical results regarding the sensitivity of the model to subjects diagnosed with various classifications and types of advanced adenomas are presented in  FIGS.  11 12 FIG.  12 All 220 contributing regions were also further analyzed using a KEGG pathway analysis. The results of the KEGG pathway analysis are presented below in Table 13. The main contributing pathways were linked to cancer as well as signaling pathways, affected in cancer development. 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 13 
 
 KEGG Pathway Analysis Results. 
 
 
 
 
 
 DAVID KEGG pathways 
 Term 
 hsa05200: Pathways in cancer 
 hsa04510: Focal adhesion 
 hsa04810: Regulation of actin cytoskeleton 
 hsa04015: Rapl signaling pathway 
 hsa05214: Glioma 
 hsa04010: MAPK signaling pathway 
 hsa05218: Melanoma 
 hsa04350: TGF-beta signaling pathway 
 Subset analysis of 220 DMRs (as shown in  FIGS.  3 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 14 
 
 
 Advanced Adenoma (AA) DMR panels statistics. 
 
 
 Number of DMRs 
 
 
 2 4 10 220 
 
 AUC 0.51 0.52 0.54 0.82 
 Sensitivity 0.21 0.26 0.31 0.54 
 Specificity 0.82 0.77 0.74 0.90 
 Accuracy 0.59 0.57 0.58 0.70 
 Kappa 0.03 0.03 0.06 0.27 
 Tables 15, 16, and 17 (presented below) correspond to the 2, 4, and 10 DMR combinations, respectively, indicated in Table 14. DMRs listed in Tables 15, 16, and 17 are also found in the 220 DMR panel shown in  FIGS.  3 3 The described 220-DMR panel shows increased sensitivity values by advanced adenoma progression group as shown in  FIG.  18 FIG.  19 In a hypothetical population of 1000 patients, 76 patients would be expected to have advanced adenoma, given an incidence rate of 7.6%. Using a 90% adherence rate for blood tests as opposed to 65% of the stool tests, 68 advanced adenoma patients (68/76) would take part of the blood test-based screening. In contrast, only 42 (42/76) would take part with a stool test. With 54% sensitivity, 37 patients (37/68) would be correctly identified as advanced adenoma patients using a blood based test (e.g., as described herein), as opposed to 18 patients with stool test (18/42). Accordingly, there would be a 2× increase in the actual detection rate for AA using blood-based tests described herein. 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 15 
 
 
 2-DMR Panel for AA. 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ ID NO. promoters 1to5 kb 5UTRs exons introns 
 
 
 
 7 100785927 100786167 SEQ ID NO.: 221 ZAN ZAN 
 14 97412990 97413410 SEQ ID NO.: 374 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 16 
 
 
 4-DMR Panel for AA. 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ ID NO. promoters 1to5 kb 5UTRs exons introns 
 
 
 
 7 100785927 100786167 SEQ ID NO.: 221 ZAN ZAN 
 14 97412990 97413410 SEQ ID NO.: 374 
 20 3083167 3083587 SEQ ID NO.: 411 AVP AVP 
 8 37797956 37798676 SEQ ID NO.: 329 ADGRA2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 17 
 
 
 10-DMR Panel for AA. 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ ID NO. promoters 1to5 kb 5UTRs exons introns 
 
 
 
 7 100785927 100786167 SEQ ID NO.: 221 ZAN ZAN 
 14 97412990 97413410 SEQ ID NO.: 374 
 20 3083167 3083587 SEQ ID NO.: 411 AVP AVP 
 8 37797956 37798676 SEQ ID NO.: 329 ADGRA2 
 16 57091834 57092014 SEQ ID NO.: 387 CPNE2 AC009090.2 AC009090.2 
 4 7940020 7940200 SEQ ID NO.: 287 AFAP1 AC097381.1 
 19 40811045 40811585 SEQ ID NO.: 403 CYP2T1P CYP2T1P CYP2T1P, AC008537.1 
 1 154567391 154567691 SEQ ID NO.: 246 CHRNB2 CHRNB2 
 14 105364294 105364612 SEQ ID NO.: 376 PACS2 PACS2 
 9 61862430 61863030 SEQ ID NO.: 338 AL391987.1 AL391987.1 AL391987.1 
 In some embodiments, the present disclosure includes combinations of DMRs in which each of the DMRs is, includes all of, includes a portion of, or is present in a gene identified as being associated with a DMR of Table 15 (e.g., as shown in  FIG.  2 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 Example 3: Bisulfite Conversion Vs Enzymatic Conversion The purpose of this Example is to demonstrate the usefulness of both bisulfite and enzymatic conversion in identifying methylation sites using NGS assays. In particular, both methods are shown herein to be useful in determining the presence of colorectal cancer. In addition, this Example shows the effect of different processing steps, such as removal of duplicates (e.g., optical duplicates, PCR duplicates), on the amount of data obtained from NGS assays. Deduplication is shown to remove a significant number of reads from the bioinformatics analysis pipeline. FIG.  13 1300 1310 1320 1330 1340 1350 In this example, a comparative analysis was performed for 16 sample pairs prepared with bisulfite and enzymatic conversion in order to compare the performance of the two conversion methods.  FIG.  14 FIG.  14 Then PCA (principle component analysis) was performed on the resulting data using a 203 CRC marker panel ( FIG.  2 FIG.  15 Further analysis using prediction algorithm developed previously on the 68 samples resulted in sample pairs being classified similarly with similar prediction scores as shown in Table 18 below. 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 18 
 
 
 Paired samples prepared with enzymatic bisulfite conversion. 
 
 
 Sample PredictionScore Prediction Reference Match 
 
 UDX016525_Bis 0.43 CNT CNT TRUE 
 UDX016525_EM 0.44 CNT CNT TRUE 
 UDX016707_Bis 0.68 CRC CRC TRUE 
 UDX016707_EM 0.69 CRC CRC TRUE 
 UDX017209_Bis 0.46 CNT CNT TRUE 
 UDX017209_EM 0.45 CNT CNT TRUE 
 UDX017309_Bis 0.45 CNT CNT TRUE 
 UDX017309_EM 0.47 CNT CNT TRUE 
 UDX017397_Bis 0.42 CNT CNT TRUE 
 UDX017397_EM 0.38 CNT CNT TRUE 
 UDX017440_Bis 0.60 CRC CRC TRUE 
 UDX017440_EM 0.57 CRC CRC TRUE 
 UDX017732_Bis 0.64 CRC CRC TRUE 
 UDX017732_EM 0.64 CRC CRC TRUE 
 UDX018506_Bis 0.91 CRC CRC TRUE 
 UDX018506_EM 0.91 CRC CRC TRUE 
 UDX018688_Bis 0.80 CRC CRC TRUE 
 UDX018688_EM 0.80 CRC CRC TRUE 
 UDX018828_Bis 0.44 CNT CNT TRUE 
 UDX018828_EM 0.46 CNT CNT TRUE 
 UDX018948_Bis 0.39 CNT CNT TRUE 
 UDX018948_EM 0.46 CNT CNT TRUE 
 UDX019177_Bis 0.35 CNT CNT TRUE 
 UDX019177_EM 0.34 CNT CNT TRUE 
 UDX019715_Bis 0.40 CNT CRC FALSE 
 UDX019715_EM 0.41 CNT CRC FALSE 
 UDX019764_Bis 0.38 CNT CNT TRUE 
 UDX019764_EM 0.44 CNT CNT TRUE 
 The sample name provides a unique sample ID, along with the method of preparation—enzymatic (_EM) conversion or bisulfite (_Bis) conversion. A prediction score for each sample was generated using a random forest (RF) prediction model. In this case, the RF prediction model is a colorectal cancer prediction model, which used the methylation status of the 203 markers of  FIG.  2 Computer System and Network Environment As shown in  FIG.  16 1600 FIG.  16 1600 1600 1602 a 1602 b 1602 c  1602 1602 1602 1602 1600 1602 1608 1602 1604 a 1604 b 1604 c  1604 1608 The cloud computing environment  1600 1606 1606 1602 1604 1608 1606 1602 1604 1606 1604 1606 1602 1604 1606 1602 1606 1602 1604 1606 1602 1604 1606 1604 1602 FIG.  17 1700 1750 1700 1750 The computing device  1700 1702 1704 1706 1708 1704 1710 1712 1714 1706 1702 1704 1706 1708 1710 1712 1702 1700 1704 1706 1716 1708 The memory  1704 1700 1704 1704 1704 The storage device  1706 1700 1706 1702 1704 1706 1702 The high-speed interface  1708 1700 1712 1708 1704 1716 1710 1712 1706 1714 1714 The computing device  1700 1720 1722 1717 1700 1750 1700 1750 The mobile computing device  1750 1752 1764 1754 1766 1768 1750 1752 1764 1754 1766 1768 The processor  1752 1750 1764 1752 1752 1750 1750 1750 The processor  1752 1758 1756 1754 1754 1756 1754 1758 1752 1762 1752 1750 1762 The memory  1764 1750 1764 1774 1750 1772 1774 1750 1750 1774 1774 1750 1750 The memory may include, for example, flash memory and/or NVRAM memory (non-volatile random access memory), as discussed below. In some implementations, instructions are stored in an information carrier such that the instructions, when executed by one or more processing devices (for example, processor  1752 1764 1774 1752 1768 1762 The mobile computing device  1750 1766 1766 1768 1770 1750 1750 The mobile computing device  1750 1760 1760 1750 1750 The mobile computing device  1750 1780 1782 Various implementations of the systems and techniques described here can be realized in digital electronic circuitry, integrated circuitry, specially designed ASICs (application specific integrated circuits), computer hardware, firmware, software, and/or combinations thereof. These various implementations can include implementation in one or more computer programs that are executable and/or interpretable on a programmable system including at least one programmable processor, which may be special or general purpose, coupled to receive data and instructions from, and to transmit data and instructions to, a storage system, at least one input device, and at least one output device. These computer programs (also known as programs, software, software applications or code) include machine instructions for a programmable processor, and can be implemented in a high-level procedural and/or object-oriented programming language, and/or in assembly/machine language. As used herein, the terms machine-readable medium and computer-readable medium refer to any computer program product, apparatus and/or device (e.g., magnetic discs, optical disks, memory, Programmable Logic Devices (PLDs)) used to provide machine instructions and/or data to a programmable processor, including a machine-readable medium that receives machine instructions as a machine-readable signal. The term machine-readable signal refers to any signal used to provide machine instructions and/or data to a programmable processor. To provide for interaction with a user, the systems and techniques described here can be implemented on a computer having a display device (e.g., a CRT (cathode ray tube) or LCD (liquid crystal display) monitor) for displaying information to the user and a keyboard and a pointing device (e.g., a mouse or a trackball) by which the user can provide input to the computer. Other kinds of devices can be used to provide for interaction with a user as well; for example, feedback provided to the user can be any form of sensory feedback (e.g., visual feedback, auditory feedback, or tactile feedback); and input from the user can be received in any form, including acoustic, speech, or tactile input. The systems and techniques described here can be implemented in a computing system that includes a back end component (e.g., as a data server), or that includes a middleware component (e.g., an application server), or that includes a front end component (e.g., a client computer having a graphical user interface or a Web browser through which a user can interact with an implementation of the systems and techniques described here), or any combination of such back end, middleware, or front end components. The components of the system can be interconnected by any form or medium of digital data communication (e.g., a communication network). Examples of communication networks include a local area network (LAN), a wide area network (WAN), and the Internet. The computing system can include clients and servers. A client and server are generally remote from each other and typically interact through a communication network. The relationship of client and server arises by virtue of computer programs running on the respective computers and having a client-server relationship to each other. Elements of different implementations described herein may be combined to form other implementations not specifically set forth above. Elements may be left out of the processes, computer programs, databases, etc. described herein without adversely affecting their operation. In addition, the logic flows depicted in the figures do not require the particular order shown, or sequential order, to achieve desirable results. Various separate elements may be combined into one or more individual elements to perform the functions described herein. Throughout the description, where apparatus and systems are described as having, including, or comprising specific components, or where processes and methods are described as having, including, or comprising specific steps, it is contemplated that, additionally, there are apparatus, and systems of the present invention that consist essentially of, or consist of, the recited components, and that there are processes and methods according to the present invention that consist essentially of, or consist of, the recited processing steps. It should be understood that the order of steps or order for performing certain action is immaterial so long as the invention remains operable. Moreover, two or more steps or actions may be conducted simultaneously. While the invention has been particularly shown and described with reference to specific preferred embodiments, it should be understood by those skilled in the art that various changes in form and detail may be made therein without departing from the spirit and scope of the invention as defined by the appended claims. OTHER EMBODIMENTS While we have described a number of embodiments, it is apparent that our basic disclosure and examples may provide other embodiments that utilize or are encompassed by the compositions and methods described herein. Therefore, it will be appreciated that the scope of is to be defined by that which may be understood from the disclosure and the appended claims rather than by the specific embodiments that have been represented by way of example. All references cited herein are hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 SEQUENCES 
 
 
 FIG. 2 SEQUENCES 
 >1:1062388-1062568 (SEQ ID NO.: 1) 
 ACGGGGGGGCTGTTCACCAGGAAGGGGCAGGGCTGCAGCCTCAGCCTCCCCTCCAG 
 ATGCCGGCAGCACCAGCCTCTGCCTGCATGGGGCCGCGAGGTTTGCAGTGACATCCC 
 CCGAGCTTCCTGACCTGCCCCGGACACGGAGCACGGCTCCCAGGGGCCGCACAGGC 
 ACCCGCTGGCCT 
   
 >1:2132912-2133092 (SEQ ID NO.: 2) 
 TGGAGGCGTGGGGACCCCATCTCCAAATACAGCCACATTGGGGGTTAGGGCTCCCC 
 ACGTGAATTTAGGGGACACTTCAGTTCGTCCCGGCGGGGACTGGGGACGCCGGGCT 
 GTGTGCTGTGTCCTGTGGGAGAGTTTGTTCACCCTGCTGGAGGCTCCCTGATGAGCC 
 CTGGCGTCTGCT 
   
 >1:3073311-3073791 (SEQ ID NO.: 3) 
 GCAATTAGGGATCCTTGGGGGGCTTGGGCTGGTAATTAAGGTGATGTATAATTAGAG 
 TTTCAACAAAAATTATCCGGGATTAAAAATCTTTTGAATAATTTCGTTTAAAATTTTC 
 AAATAGCGTTAAATACAATTTATCAGGTTTTGAATCAAACCCGTGTAACGAGTCTTG 
 GAAGCTGCAGCTCCCGTCGCCGGCGCGGGAGGACCAGGAGCAGCTCCGGCGACTTC 
 CCCGTGCGGGAAGGAAACTTCGCGAGCGAAGCCAGCTGGCTGGGGCCTCGCCGCGG 
 TGCAGCGGCGGCCGCGGGCTCAGAATCGAGCCACCGAGGGCTGCAGACGGCGTGGG 
 CCGGGTCGGGGAGCGGGGCCTGGGGGACCCCGGGCCGGCCGGTAGTCTCGGCCGAC 
 TTCCCACTCCCCGCGCACAAAGTCGCGGCCAACTACCGCGGAGCAGCGCCCGCGTC 
 CACACCGCGCAGCCTGGCGCCCCGACCCT 
   
 >1:32464123-32464603 (SEQ ID NO.: 4) 
 GCAACCAAAAGGAGACATTTTGACATGGAGACATATACAGGGAATATGCCCTGTGA 
 ACATGAAGATGGCCATATGCAAGCCCAGGAGAGAAGCCTGGAAGAGACCGTTTCCT 
 CACAGCGCTCAGAAGGAAAGAACCCTGCCAACATCTTGCTTTCAGATGCCCCCAGG 
 ATTGTCAGACAATAAGATCTGTTATTGACGCCACCGGGTTGGTGATACTTAGGTACA 
 GCAGCCCTAGCAAACGAATACACCCCCATGAGAACTAAGCTCCCTGAGAGCGGTAA 
 GCTGCCTTGTCTTGCTCACAGCTGACAAGAACACGCCTGTACGGTCACTTAGCACCT 
 AGTACTGCCATTTAACCGTTTCACTAGTATGTATGAACCGGAGAGCCTGTCAAGGGA 
 AGAGCTGAATCTTTTATCTTTTGTAACGACTACCCAGTGAAAGAAACCGCGGGTATG 
 CAATAAAAACCTGTTGAATCGATTAAACC 
   
 >1:32753865-32754105 (SEQ ID NO.: 5) 
 CGGGAGGGGCGGAGCCGACGGGATGCGCGCCAGGCCCCGCCCCTCCTCCGGGCCCG 
 CCCCCGGCCTGGCCATTGGCCGCAGAGCTCGGGGGCGTGGTCGAGCTGGGGCTGGG 
 GGCGCCCGCGGTGCCCGCCCGCGAGTCTCGCTGCCTCCCTCCCGGGGCTGCGGGCCC 
 GGCGGCCGGGCTGGCTGGGCCGCGCTTGGGTTCCCGCGCCGGCTCCCGCACCCGCA 
 ATGGGGAACTCACACC 
   
 >1:38045915-38046095 (SEQ ID NO.: 6) 
 CCACGTCGGCCTGCGTAAAGCCCAGCTTGATGCGCCGCTGCTTGAACTGCTTGGCGA 
 ACTGCTCCAGGTCGTCCGAGCTGGGCGCATCCTCGTCCGAGTGCTCGCCCACCGATG 
 AGCCGCCGCCGCCCGCGCCCGGGTGCAGGTGCGCCGCCGCCGCGTGCAGGCCGCCC 
 GCGTGTGCATG 
   
 >1:50417741-50418443 (SEQ ID NO.: 7) 
 TGCGCACCTTGACGGCTCCTTAGGGACAGACCAGCCGCAGGCAAGAGGGGCAGGTG 
 GGCAGGATTCATCCCGAGTTTCCAATATATTTAATCTCTAAACCTGATAAGTACAAT 
 GCGCGCATAGTCTAATTTTTTTCCATTTTGTCCCTTTTTTTGCTTGTTTTGAATGTTTTT 
 CACGTTAATACCGAGGTCACCTACAGATTACAATTAATAACTTAGAATTCCATTTTA 
 TAACATTATACACTGGCTTGTATATATATATGTATAGATTATATATAGATTTATACAT 
 ATATAAAAACACACTGCACCAAGGAAACCCATGCTTATCGGCATAAGCAACAAAGA 
 GAGCGACAAATACCGCAACGAGGAAAGTGCACCTTAAAACTTGTTTCCTTTTTTTTT 
 TTTTACAATTGTATCGATATATATGTGTGTCCCAAAGACTCAGTGCCAAGAGATTTA 
 TACATCCTAAATTTATATTTGTTAGAGCGAATATTTAAATTTTTTAAAAGTGAGGGCT 
 GGGGAGACACAGAAAAGACTCTCGGATTATCCTGCCATCCACTGAGAGCCGGATGA 
 GCACAGCTAAGGAGCCGCAGGAGCCTGCGCTGCTGTCGCAGCCTCTGAATTCTCATG 
 AATTCCCAGCCTTTTGGAAAGGGGGCCGGGTGAGGCTGGAAGAGGGATCCGGAGGT 
 AGGAGATGAGGACCCAGG 
   
 >1:98053745-98054105 (SEQ ID NO.: 8) 
 AACCACCACCTTGGATTTCAGATCGAGGAAAGGAAGCCAAAGCAAAGGTGTGGTTA 
 CACAGGACATCCATAGACAAATCGTTGCCTCTCTAAGTGGGCCTGAGCTTTGCGGCT 
 CCAGAAGCGCGAGGCGCGGTTGGTGCGGACGCGGGGGCGTGGGAGTCATCGCTCTC 
 CCCGCAGCCCTGGCCGAGCTCTCTGCTGTCCTCCCGAGTTTGGGCCAGAGACCACGG 
 CTCACTCCCTAACGCCCTCGCAAGGACGGCTGCCCGTCGGGCCAAGGGCGCCCCGG 
 GCTGGAGGCCGGAGCAAGACGGCCCCGCGGGACTCGGGAGCCTTGGTAAGGCGGA 
 GGCTCAGACCCCGTTCACGAAAAC 
   
 >1:151721519-151721944 (SEQ ID NO.: 9) 
 CTTGACGACCGCAGCAAGATGGAGACGCTGCCAGGCTTGCTGCAGCGGCCCGACCC 
 CGGGGCGCTTAGCGCAGCGCAGCTGGAGCAGCTGCGAAAATTCAAGGTGGGTGCGC 
 CCGCGCCCCCATCCAGCGTCCACCAAAGTGTAGCTGCCCCAGGACTGGGGCCCCAG 
 ACTGGGAAGAGAGCCGCCGAGAGAAGGGGAGCGGGAGCCTGTTCCCTGATAAAGT 
 GGGGAGGGCGCAGGGGAGACCCCCGGCGGACCTCTAGGCGTCTGATCCCAGCACAG 
 AGCGCGACGGGCATCTGAGAGTGCAGGAAGAACTAACTCAGGGACTCGGCCAGAG 
 AAATGGGCCGAAATTACTGCCAGACACATCCGACCTTAGTAAAGGCCCCTCATCCTG 
 AACAAGCGGCAGAATGATATTTTATCTGTAAGAAG 
   
 >1:158180920-158181460 (SEQ ID NO.: 10) 
 GCGCCCTTCGGCAGAAGCAGCAAACCGCCGGCAAGCCCAGCGAGGAGGGCTGCCG 
 GGGTCTGGGCTTGGGAATTGGCTGGCACCCAGCGGAAAGGGACGTGAGCTGAGCGG 
 CGGGGGAGAAGAGTGCGCAGGTCAGAGGGCGGCGCGCAGCGGCGCTCCGCGAGGT 
 CCCCACGCCGGGCGATATGGGGTGCCTGCTGTTTCTGCTGCTCTGGGCGCTCCTCCA 
 GGCTTGGGGAAGCGCTGAAGGTGGGTGGAACGAGGGCGCTTGAGTGCACTCGCGGG 
 AGGGCGGAGAGAGGGAGCTGGGTAGGGACGGGGAGGGCAACGCCTGATGGGGACT 
 GGTGAGACCCGGGACGCACTGGCGCGATCTAGGTAGAAAACTCGCTGCTCCCTGGC 
 TCCGGGGAGAGGCAGCGCGGCACAGAGTTCGCTGGCATCAGCCGCCTCCTGAAGCT 
 CATCTCCTCTTGTTTCTTTCTTCCTTCTCTTTATGCTGGCTGCTCTCCCGGCCACTTGC 
 TACACGCCTCCAATCTTCATTCTCTCCCAGTCCCGC 
   
 >1:159200739-159201039 (SEQ ID NO.: 11) 
 TGGGCAGGGTGGACTCAGAGGTTGGGAAGCTGCTCCTGAGAGGAGAAGCCTCTGTC 
 TCTACACAGGAACCTACCTGACACATGAGGCAAAAGGCTCCGACGATGCTCCAGAC 
 GCGGACACGGCCATCATCAATGCAGAAGGCGGGCAGTCAGGAGGGGACGACAAGA 
 AGGAATATTTCATCTAGAGGCGCCTGCCCACTTCCTGCGCCCCCCAGGGGCCCTGTG 
 GGGACTGCTGGGGCCGTCACCAACCCGGACTTGTACAGAGCAACCGCAGGGCCGCC 
 CCTCCCGCTTGCTCCCCAGCC 
   
 >1:160083804-160084524 (SEQ ID NO.: 12) 
 GCCAGGCAACACGAAGGGACTCGCCCAGGGCCCCCCAGGGCTCGGTGCTGGCCCTG 
 ATGCCCCGTGCCTCCCCATCTCCCGAGGGGCCACTCATTCGGCAAACCTTTATTAAG 
 CCCCTCCAGGACCCCCGACGCCGCCTAGGCGCCCAGCGACGCGCGGCAGGTGGCAG 
 CAGCTCGGGCCCCCGCCGCACTCCAGGCGCCCGCAGCGCTCGCCCTGACGCGGCCG 
 CCATGGCGCAGGAGAACGCGGCCTTCTCGCCCGGGCAGGAGGAGCCGCCGCGGCGC 
 CGCGGCCGCCAGCGCTACGTGGAGAAGGATGGCCGGTGCAACGTGCAGCAGGGCA 
 ACGTGCGCGAGACATACCGCTACCTGACGGACCTGTTCACCACGCTGGTGGACCTGC 
 AGTGGCGCCTCAGCCTGTTGTTCTTCGTCCTGGCCTACGCGCTCACCTGGCTCTTCTT 
 CGGCGCCATCTGGTGGCTGATCGCCTACGGCCGCGGCGACCTGGAGCACCTGGAGG 
 ACACCGCGTGGACGCCGTGCGTCAACAACCTCAACGGCTTCGTGGCCGCCTTCCTCT 
 TCTCCATCGAGACCGAGACCACCATCGGCTACGGGCACCGCGTCATCACCGACCAG 
 TGCCCCGAGGGCATCGTGCTGCTGCTGCTGCAGGCCATCCTGGGCTCCATGGTGAAC 
 GCCTTCATGGTGGGCTGCATGTTCGTCAAGATCTCGCAGCCCAA 
   
 >1:160401102-160401282 (SEQ ID NO.: 13) 
 AGGGGCTCGTGGGGAGGGGGCGGAGCCCAGGCCTGGAGAGCCGGGGACTTTCCTGG 
 GCCCGGGCGGGGGCCTTAATGATCCCAGGGGAGCCGGTTGAAGCCGGAGACGGGG 
 AGCTTGTGTTGGAGGTGGGGGGAGAGGCGTGGAAGGATCGGAGTCTGGAGGTATTG 
 GAAGCCAAGGGTGT 
   
 >1:183185880-183186120 (SEQ ID NO.: 14) 
 TTAGCGCTCTTAAGATTGGGCCTCCCAGTTTGAGGAAGGGGCGGGCTGCTGTCTACC 
 TCTGTGAATCTGCCCTGGACCACCCCGGGAGAGAAGGAGGGCTCCGGGGAATCTCG 
 CACATTCCAGGCAAAGGCTCCCGGGCCGCAGCCTCTGTGCCACACCCTTGGCCCGGG 
 CCAGGTGTGCGCCCTCCTCGCTGCGAGGGGGAGCGGGCGGCTGCGGGGAGCGATTT 
 TCCAGCCCGGTTTGT 
   
 >1:243917149-243917569 (SEQ ID NO.: 15) 
 CAAGAACAGGTGGGAAGAAAAACAGCAGCCTGATCCGTCTTGCTTTTCCCTTTTCTC 
 CATGCAGCCAGCACTTTTCCTTCTCACTCTCCCCGCACGCCCACGCCCACCCGCTTCT 
 GCACCGAGAACCTCGAGGCGCGCACGCACGTGGAGGTGACGCCAAGCCCAGCGGC 
 GAGGTCGGGGCTGGGGGTGGGGGGAGCCGGCGTCCCGCGGGCCCCCGAGGCCGGG 
 GAGCTCCGCCAGCGCATTGTGCGAGCGAGCTGAATGCAGCCGAGGGGCGAGCGCGC 
 GGGCTCGCACGGATTAGCCGTGCTTTCCCATGAGCCACAAAAGAATGCCCGAATCT 
 GGGACATCTGTCATCAAGGGGCAGGCTGCTCAGGATGCAAGGTAACCAGAGCTTTC 
 CTCGGACTGCTTCAGTCTTTGGGGACGT 
   
 >2:10080669-10080849 (SEQ ID NO.: 16) 
 TGGAAACGCTCCCCAGACGACGCTCGCCGGGCCCGTGGGAGGCCGCGGGAGCTTGG 
 GGGGACTTCCCAAAGCCTGAGCCCCCTAGCGATGCGCGGGGTGGGCGGGGGAAAGA 
 CCCTGAGGGCTGCGCGCGCTGCGTTCGCGAGGTCCGGCCGTCAGTGCGCCCCGACCT 
 TTCAGTGTCCGC 
   
 >2:29115776-29116791 (SEQIDNO.: 17) 
 GGTCGCGCAGAGGCGCTGGGGGCTGTGGAAGCCCCGCGGCCGCCTCCCGTGGGCAC 
 CGGTGTCGCTGGCCGCGGGGAGGCCTTCTCGGGGCGGAGCGGCCCACCCGGCGGGG 
 ATGGGGACTCCTCGTGGCGGCCGCTGACGGACGGCCCAACTTTAGGTTGAGGGGCG 
 CGGGGTGTGCGGGACCCGGCGGCGGAGCTGGGCTCTGGGCCACGACCGCCAGCCGC 
 GGCTGCCCCGAGAGTCCCCGCACGCGCAGTGGCTTTCCAACGCGGCCTCTTCCCATT 
 TCTCACTTGACTCCCCTTGCGCATTAAATTGTCGAGAAACCTTTGGCCAGTGGGTCTT 
 CAAAGCTAAACCAAATGGCTGTCCTTGCAGTCCTTGGCTACCTGAGATCCCTTAATT 
 CTGAACCATCCGCACCTGGGAGGGGAAGTTGAAAGGAGCGCTGGAGCTGAGCCCGC 
 ATCCTTAAGGATCCCATTCACTGCTTATGATGGTAGAGCTTTGAATTAGATGTCAGG 
 CTGTTCACGTCATCCAGACTCTGGTTTTCAGCTCTGTGCTGAGACAGTGTTTTGATAC 
 GTATCAGAGGATGATGTTCCTATGGGACAATAACTTGCTGTATGTTCTGAGATACTA 
 GACTGCGTTCATATTGTAGCACCATCATCGTATAAAACGGGCGCCTTTGAAAGGTTT 
 CAGTAAACACCTTCCTCAGGAACATCCGCCAGCACTTAAATTGTACTTCACTTTCAC 
 TTTGACGTTTGTTGTTTGTGAATCTTGTGCACAATTTAAAGTGAGTCGTCTAAACAGC 
 ACAGGATCACGTGGTGCGGGGCATTGAGCAACTGGGGAGGAAAGCAGAGACTTGA 
 ACCTGCTGGAGTCTAGTTGGTCTGCGTTTTTATGTTGGAGAACCATCCTGGTTCCAGC 
 TTATTTTGCTTTCGTAAATATGATGCATTTTTTAAATGCTTTCATTTGATACGGTCTAT 
 CTGGACTGTAAGATTGAGTCTAGCCATGCATGGAATGTGTTTACTTCT 
   
 >2:31136883-31138428 (SEQ ID NO.: 18) 
 CTCTGTACTGTACTTAACTGGTGAGACGCCACCTCCCGCCCACATCTTCCTGTTTTTC 
 AGTCTCCCATTTCCGACCATAAGCTCCTCCAAGGCTTTTGCCCAGACCCCTAGACGA 
 CTGTTCTGGACCCAGTTTATAAAGACTGCCTGGCTGGCCAGGAAATCCCCCAGAGGC 
 CTCCTTCCGTGTCCCCGGGCCAAATCTGTGAAGAGAAAACGGAAGGCTACCATGTC 
 ACGAAAAACTATGATCAAATAAATTATTATGCCTTTTCTCCTATTGATCTGCCTTTTG 
 TCAACTGATTTTCAGTGAACCTTCGGAGAGCCATGGGGAAGTTTTCCCTTTCCCCCTA 
 CAGGGCTCTGAATCTGAAGGTAAGAGTGAGCCTATAGGGGGAACCTTCTGGCTCCCT 
 CACAGGAACTGACTGAGCAGGAGTTGGAAAAGCCACTTGGATTCCCATTTCCTCAAC 
 TCCCCGCCAATACCAAGGCGTCTGTTTTTACAGGCTCTTTCGTGGTGTTCTGGGCACA 
 TTCAACTTCCAATGCAGCTGAGAGGGTCGGGAACAGTTAGAGAACAGGGGTGGCAG 
 CCGCCCGGGAGGCTGCAAGGCGCTCGCCCGCAACGCACAGGCGCGCGCGGCGCACC 
 CGGCCTCCGGCCTCCCCAGGTCGGGCCTGGCAGCTGCGGGAAGGAGGTCAGCGCAG 
 CCGCCACACTTCGCCCGGGCGCTGGCCCGACCCGACCGCCGGCGACTCTCTGGCAGC 
 GCCCGGAGACCGCCAGCCCCTGGGCCGCCCGTCCGCAGAGCCCCCTCCGCCCCGGG 
 ACCCTCGCGCGCAGCTCAAGTTGGGAGCCCCGCTCCGCAGGCGAGCGCGCGCCCAC 
 CACCCACACCCACTGCCACTCATGCACACCGCGGGTCCGGAGATGCCCCCGAGCGTT 
 TTAAAATCCAGAAACATCACATGGTAGCCACATCCGGCGGCTGTTACCTGCTCGCAG 
 CACCCAGACCCTCGCCCTGGTTTCCCGGGAGCCCGCAAACCCGGCACGCGGGCTGC 
 GCGCCCTCCCGCAAGCCACCGCTCAGCGCCAGCGCGCCGGCAAGCCGCCTACCTTA 
 GGGGTCTGCACTTCAGGTCCCGTCGGCACCTCCAACTTCCTCTTGGTTACCCAGAAG 
 AACAGCAGCACCGTGATCCAGAGCACCCCGAAGACTGGCAGAACCAGCCGACGAGT 
 CAGGCGCCGCATGGTCCCCTTTGCCGCTTCCTCTCCGCGGCGCTACGTCCCGGGGGC 
 ACCCCCCGGCGGTCAGGGTTGGCGGGGCAGGAGTCCTGGCGAGCGCCTCGCTCTGG 
 GGAGCTCTAGACCCAGGATCCGGTTGGAGGGGCGGCAGGATCCTGCAAGGCGCCCT 
 TCCCGCTTCGAAGAGAAGCGAGCCTGGGTGGGGGGTGCAGGGCGACCCGAAACGTG 
 GCAGGGAAGGACCGAGGGCAGCCAAGCTGGACGCCCGCTCCAGCGGGAGAAGCGC 
 GGTGGCTGCCGAGATGTTCCCCACGCCGCCACCGCGGCTGCCGCCGCCGCCGCCGCC 
 GCCTTGCCCGCTGCCGC 
   
 >2:47369683-47369863 (SEQ ID NO.: 19) 
 AGAGGCCGCGCTTTCCAGCGTGGAGACCGGACGGTGCGGCCGTGCTCCGGCTCAGG 
 CCCTCCGCGCGGTAGGAAACGGCGAGGGCCGTCCCGGGGAGCAGCCTCACTTCGCA 
 GCTTTGCTCGCCTTGGTAGGGAAATGGCCTTGGGCGGAGGCGGGGGACAGGCAGGG 
 AACGGAGTGGCCA 
   
 >2:47569537-47570197 (SEQ ID NO.: 20) 
 GCGCCGAGGGTGGAGGGAGAAGGGGCTTTTGAGATCATCCTGGAGAGGAAACTGAG 
 GCCTGGGGGTTGTGGGTGGAAAACAGGAAGGAACCGGTAGCCCTTGGCACGTATTC 
 TTAGAGGAGAAAACGGAGGCTCACAAAGGTCAGATCACAGAGCCGGCCAGTGTTGG 
 AGCACAGGCGGCCCGGGGTGAGCGCCAGAGGTGGGCTTTCTTCCCTCACTGAAAGC 
 CGGGAGGGAGAGAGAGAGAGAGAACGGGGGCCGGCGGAGAAGAGGGCGAGACGA 
 AAGTAAGCAAAGGGACATTAGAAGGGAAGGCAGAGCCGAGGGACGCGGACCGAGC 
 GGCCGAGCAGTGGAAAGGGCGGCAGGTGAAAGGCACAGAGAGGAAAGATGCGCGG 
 GGGACGCGCCGCTCACCTATGGTTGACACCACGGTGCCCACGAAGTAGAAGGCGCC 
 GGGGAAGTCCCAGCGCGGGCGCAGCGCGTCGGCGCGGACGCCGGCGGCCAGCGCG 
 GCCTCGTAGTGCCGGAGGAAGGCGCGCAGCTCTGGCTCGGCCACGCCGTGCGCAGC 
 GCTGAAGTTGCGCAGCGTGGCGCCCCAGCGCGCCCGCGCCTCCGCCTCGCCGGGGC 
 TCTCGAGCGCCGAGAAGACTGTGGCACCCGCCACCAGGTAGAGGCCGATG 
   
 >2:61145001-61145181 (SEQ ID NO.: 21) 
 GCCGATGGGGCGCGGCTCCTTGGAGCATGCGCACACAAACTTTCCGCTAGGAATCA 
 AGCGAGCATGCGCACACAGATGTTAGGGTTCGGGCGAGCTATTTGGAGCCTGCGCA 
 GTCAGATCCGAGGACATGTTGACGTCGTCCGAGAGTCTTAAAATCCTGCTCTGGCCG 
 GATTCCAGACTC 
   
 >2:64204147-64204447 (SEQ ID NO.: 22) 
 CTGGGTTGGGAGCCTGGGCAGGGTGGGTGTCAAGTGGCTCTGGCAACTGGACCCCTT 
 CGGGGTTGCCCTCAGGATCAGGATGAAAAGGGGGAAGTCAGGCTGGAGCAGCAGC 
 GCGGTTCACGCAGAGAGCACCCCAGGCAGCCACGAACTGGCTTGCTCCGTTCAGAT 
 TTCTCTTAAACAGCAGTTTTCCGTTTCTGTTCTATGGCCTCTGAGGGAATTTCCCAAA 
 TTAACCTTCACTAAGCTTTCCTGAGGGACTGTTTTTGAGCGCTGATGGGGGAATTTCC 
 CCCTTTTGACCACACTG 
   
 >2:68319245-68319425 (SEQ ID NO.: 23) 
 AATCTTCACCTCAACCTTGTAGGAGGAGCCGGTGAGCAGCTTGATGGTGCGGTTCTG 
 GCCGAAGCGCTGCCCGTCCACCTTGTAAAAGACCGGGCCGTCATTAGGCTGGATGC 
 GCAGCGCGATGGAGAGGCGCACGAGGCCCGGCAGGTCCCCCATGTCTGGGCGAGGG 
 TCTGGCGCGGCG 
   
 >2:86790271-86790811 (SEQ ID NO.: 24) 
 AGGTTGAGGTGAACCCCAAGCCCCACGCGGAGAGGTGCCGCAACCCGGCGCGCGGA 
 CCTGGCAGGAAGACCGGCACGAAGTGGCTGAAGTACATGATGGAGTTGCTCAGGGC 
 CGAGCAGAAATAGTAGCCCTCGTTCTCTCGGCGGAAGTCGCTCAGGGTGAGGACGA 
 AGGTGTCCCCCAACCTCTTGCCCGAGAACCGCTGGGTGTCCAGCCCCTCGGCCGCCT 
 TGGGCTTGTTTTGGGAGAGGTATAGGAGGAAGGTGGGACTGGCGGCGGCGCCGCGC 
 GGCTGGAAGAGCCACGAGCAGCCCGACGTCGGGTTGGACAGCAGCACCTGGCACTT 
 CAGCTCCACTGTCTCGCCCAGGTTCCAGGTCCGATCCAGCGGCGACACCCGGAACTG 
 GCTCGGCCTGGCGGCGTCTGCAGGCGGCAAGCAGCGAGGCTGAGCCCGCAGTCCCG 
 CGCCCCCCGCCCCCCGCCCGCCCCATCCCCTGCCTTCCCGGGCGTCTCAAACTCACG 
 GAGCAGCAAGGCCAGCGGCAGGAGCAAGGCGGTC 
   
 >2:88765502-88766042 (SEQ ID NO.: 25) 
 GGGGCGACGCAGTGGCGAAGTCGGGCTGTGGGCCCGGCGGCGGCACCAGGCGGAG 
 AAGCGCCACTCAACCCCATCCCTGGGCTGCAGAGGGCCCAGCGCGGAGGGCTCCGC 
 GCGTCGGGAGCCGGTGGAAGAGGAGAAGAGCGCGCGGGCGACAGTCATACAGGCC 
 TTGGGGCAGGGCGCGCCTCGCGCTCCAGGGAGCCACGCCAGCCCGCTGCGCCTCCG 
 CAGCAACCGCCGCCTGCACGTGGCGGGGCGAGAGAGCTGCTAGGGCGGTTTCTCCG 
 CCTCGGGCCTGTTGGGCGGGGCCGGCTAAGGTGCGCGTGCTCGCTGGTCCTAACGGT 
 TCTGTTGGGCGTTTCTGCTGAGAGGCGGGAGGGGCTGAGAGTCTGTGCGAAGGTAG 
 GTGGACAGACTGCATTGCTTGTTGTTGCGCTTCGGAGGCGGCGATCCCCGAAGGCGA 
 GCTGAAATACGGCTGGAGCGTTCCCAGGCTACAGTTTGTAGCCGACGATTGTGGAA 
 GACTAGGAGCCGGAGAGGTGGCCCACCCTCAGGGAGC 
   
 >2:95025733-95026933 (SEQ ID NO.: 26) 
 GGTCTGCGCGGAGTCTGAGCGGCGCTCGTCCCGTCCCAAGGCCGACGCCAGCACGC 
 CGTCATGGCCCCCGCAGCGGCGACGGGGGGCAGCACCCTGCCCAGTGGCTTCTCGG 
 TCTTCACCACCTTGCCCGACTTGCTCTTCATCTTTGAGTTTGTGAGTGGCTCCTGGCC 
 GGGGAAGGGACGGGGTGGGCTGAGCCGTGCGCTCTCTCGGGCGCCCAGCACAGCTG 
 TCGGACGGGATCCGCTAGCTGCGCAGGTTCTGGGAGCATCGGGGCAGCAGGCGCAG 
 GGCGGGGACTAAGCCAGGGAAGTCCCCTCCCACCTCCGGTCCTTTGTGCCCTTCTAG 
 ACCAACAGAATGAGGGGAACAGTCTACAGGACTATGGAGGAAAAACTGGGTTCCCA 
 ACTGGGGTCAGATGTAGGCAGCGGGGCAGGGGGGGACGGCTCTTGGTTCGCTGGTC 
 CCAAAGCTGCGCGCGGGGCCCACTTGACGCGCGCAGCGCCACCGAAGCTCCCGCCG 
 CGCTTTGCGCGGTTGGGTAGAAGTGCGCAGCTTTTACAAGGGAGAAGGTTTCGTTAA 
 AAAAGAAAAAAAAATCAGCAAGAGAAACATTAGTATTACCAACCGAGATTTGGAG 
 ATGAGAGGGAGCTGAATCCGGTTTATTTTCTTCTGGCCTTTTAAAGTTTCTGGCGAG 
 GGAACGTATTTGCGACCAATTCGATCTGGAAATGAGGCCATCGTTTGCTTGGCCGCA 
 GTCCTTCTGCCCCGTGTGCGGGGTGGGGGTGGAGGAGATGGGGGGTGGGGGGTGGG 
 GGGTGGCGGCGAGAGCGATCCGCGCGCCTCGACTGACCTTGGGCAGGCCCGGGGCC 
 TCTGCACCTGCGGTCGGTCCCGCCTTGCACGCACGGTCTCTGCCTGAGGCTGCAGGA 
 AAGCGCTTCCTACTGAGAACTCCTGATAAGCGCTCACGGTGTCGCGAAGCCGAAGT 
 GACCTCCCTCAGCCTCAACTCCCCGGGGGCCGCTGGCCTTCACCTGGGAGGGGTGTG 
 CCCTGTATGTCCTGTGGGTGCGGTCCGTCACCGCCTGAGGGACACCTTTTCCGGCAC 
 CCCACCCTCAGAAGTGTCAGCGTGGAGAGTTGGGCGGGAAAGAAAATGTCGGAGCC 
 TGGCTGTTTAAAAATTGGACCCCAGGTTGTTATTGCCTGATTGGAGGGGGAGGGTGT 
 GAATACCAAAGGGAGC 
   
 >2:95074648-95075068 (SEQ ID NO.: 27) 
 AATTCTGCTTGGTCTGTGGTAAATGCCCTTTCTGAGAAGCAACCATGACCTTCTCAA 
 GAATACTTCAGAGGCACTTTTGCTCCTTCTCCACTAACCGACATCCTGTTTTGCTGGA 
 ACACATGGGGCAGAGCGCACACAGCTTTGTTCCTGCACCCGCCCTCAGAGCTTTGCC 
 ACCTGTTTTCAGGCTGCCTCTGCCTCCAAACCCTGCGGAGCCCTCCCTGCCCCGTGCT 
 TTGAAGCAGTTTCTTTGGAAGCTGCTGCACAGGGGTTAACAACAAGCAACAACTCA 
 GGTCGCATTCTTGTCAACGGAAGGGAGGGCCAGGTGGAACCGCCAAGGGGGCCATT 
 TCTGGCTTTGCTGGAGGCTGTCAGCTTCTGGTGGGAGCCACAGCCTGAGGGCAGCCA 
 GGATGGCTCTGCTGGGAGGGAC 
   
 >2:100322218-100322818 (SEQ ID NO.: 28) 
 GGCGGCGCGCTGCGAGCGGCTGAGACCGCGGGCGGGGGCGGGCGCCTGGCTTGGGC 
 AGCGTCCTCAGCGCGGTGTGGGCGGCGAGCCCCGCAGGGCTGCAATCGTTCCGGGG 
 TGGGGGCCGGGACAGGCACCGCGGGCGCAATCTGAGCCCCTGCCCACGCGCAGCGG 
 CCTCTCAGTCCCGCCGGCTTAGGTAACCCAGGTCGCTGCGGTAACGCAGTGACCGCG 
 CTCCAGGTCCGCGTCTCTTGCGATGCTTCCCCCACTCGCCTGAGGGCTCCTGCGCGA 
 CTGCGCGCGCGTCCTCTGCCTGCCGCCTCCCCGCAGAGGTGCCGGGGCCCTGGGAGC 
 AGGTGGCCTTGGCCGCGGGCTGCTGGCGCGCCGGCACCGCGGCACCTGCTCTTCCCC 
 AGAGGCCTGGCCGCCCCCACAACCTGTGGCTCCGCTTAAGCAAGAACCCAGGAAAA 
 GTCACCAAACGCATCACGCATCTCTAGCTTCGACTTAGGAAATTGTCCTAAATGACT 
 GGGGAGGCTGAAGTGGGCACCCAGAGGCCCCGCCTCAGCGAGCTTCTTCTCTTAACT 
 CTAGGCTGAGGCCTTTGAGAACTCATTTTAACAGA 
   
 >2:117835956-117836256 (SEQ ID NO.: 29) 
 TTTCTAGGACTTACCGGTTTCTCACACCCTCTCCCCACCATCAAAATCATGGTTTCAG 
 AGGCATTAGGCCAAAAAACTGCAAAAGGGAGCCTCCTTCTGGGAAGTCTCCGGCCC 
 TTCCGCGGCTCCCGGCGTCTCCAGCAGAGGGCTCTCGGCTGTGCCGACTCAGGACAG 
 CTGCTGCGACGGGGCCGGCTACGCTTGTCAGAGCAGCAGCTGGTGATTTTGGACTTG 
 CCTTTGCTGGCAGGGGAGCGCTATCGAGGGTTCATTTTATCCAGCTTGAGGAAAGAA 
 AGGTCGGAGTGTAGGG 
   
 >2:130287611-130287911 (SEQ ID NO.: 30) 
 TGAGCCGAGAGGGCCACTGAGCCCCAGCCTCAGCGACACAGCTAGACCCTGTCAAG 
 GAAAGGGGAAGGAAGGAAAGGGAAAGCAAAGAAAAGAAAACAAAAAAGCAGAAG 
 CAAACGGGCAAGAGGCCAGCGTGTGGTCCCGGGCTGGCCTCAGTAGTAAAGATGCT 
 CGGAGGATTGATTGATTTGCCGGATTCTGCGCGGTTTCCCAGCCTGTGCCTGGTTGC 
 AGTGCCCTCCCTGTGGTCGCTGGCTGCCCGGACCCATACCCAGCCCCACGCCTGCCC 
 TGCCCTCTTCCCAGCCAGAGT 
   
 >2:130372760-130372940 (SEQ ID NO.: 31) 
 GGCGCCCTCGGCTCTCCCCTTCGGGCCTCCGGGGAAGCGTCCCCGCTAGGGGTGGGG 
 TCTTGGGACTCCCTGGGGCTTCCGGAGCTGACCCGTGGGGGGTCTGCTGCCCTCAGT 
 TCCTGCTGACCAAAGTCCTGCCGGATCTGGCGCCTACGAGGACGTGGCGGGTGGAG 
 CTCAGACCGGT 
   
 >2:144516784-144516964 (SEQ ID NO.: 32) 
 ACTTTAAGCCTCGCTGAGGCGCAGACCCGGTTCCCCTCTCCTGCCTTCGCAGTCTCTC 
 TGCCACCCCCGCCCCCGCCCCGGGATCCTGCGCGATCCAGCGCCTGGGCCCCCGCCC 
 TGCCCCAGGCGGACGCTCCCGAAGCCCGGCCGGAGACCCGGCGGGCCGGGCGCGAG 
 CGGAGCGGGA 
   
 >2:159904622-159904992 (SEQ ID NO.: 33) 
 ACCAGAAGAGCAGCATGAGGAGCCCCGCCGGGCGGCGAGGGGTCGCCCAGCCTGTC 
 CTCATCCTGAGCTGGCGCAAGCCTTCCGGCCGGGTCCTCGGGCGCACGCGGCTCCCG 
 CCCCGCCTGCTGAGCGCGGCCTGCCCCGCCCGCACCTCTGTCTAGGCCTCTGGGGGC 
 GCCCCGGCCCCGCCCCCGCCGCCCTCGGCCAATCAGACGTGCGTCTCCTCGGCCCCG 
 GGGCGGAGCGGGCCAGGTGTGGGAAATGAACAGGGCTGGGCGCTAGATACCTGCGT 
 GGGGTAGGACCCGCGAGGAAGAGGTACGTGCGGATCGGTGGGAGAGCCAGGCACC 
 AGACAGGCTCCTGCACTGGAGGGTTCGGTCCCC 
   
 >2:172736178-172736658 (SEQ ID NO.: 34) 
 GGGGTTGAGGTCCTCGTCCGGGAGACAGGAGGACAAGGATCCCCGCCTCTCGTGGG 
 GTGCCAGCGGCATGAGATTATTACACGTGGTGGAGAAAATGCAGCGCAGTAAGGGG 
 AGAGAGCACCCACCTCTCCAACCCCCTGCCCTGCCGCGACTCCAGGCTCCGCTCCTG 
 GGTGGGGGTTTATTTTCTCTTGGCATCACGGGACAGAAGAATCGATGCATACCCTTT 
 CCGGCTATTCAGACCTTGCGGGGTATGAAGTTTTAAAGAGGGGTGGGGGCACCGGC 
 AGGTGCAGAGTAACATTCTTTTTTTGTTCTTGAAAGCAAAGTGTGAGGGACCCGGTG 
 GAGCTGTCGAATCCCTTGCTGAAATTCACAGCTCTCTGCCCCCGCAGTCGCTCGCTC 
 AAGGTCTGTGTTAGAGAAGGTCATTTGGGAGGCTGCTTTCGTCTTAATACCTGCTTCT 
 CGGGAAAAGATCTTTACGCTAAAAATA 
   
 >2:176094518-176094878 (SEQ ID NO.: 35) 
 CGAAGAGGGAGGAAGAAGAGAGTGCCTTACACCAAACTGCAGCTTAAAGAACTGG 
 AGAACGAGTATGCCATTAACAAATTCATTAACAAGGACAAGCGGCGGCGTATCTCG 
 GCTGCTACGAACCTATCTGAGAGACAAGTGACCATTTGGTTTCAGAACCGAAGAGT 
 GAAGGACAAGAAAATTGTCTCCAAGCTCAAAGATACTGTCTCCTGATGTGGTCCAG 
 GTTGGCCACAGACAGCTTAGAAGCCATTCGGTTGTCTCCAAAAGGCCTTTGGAAAGA 
 CTTGAATATGTATTTAATTCCCCCCACCCCCTGCCAATGGTGGCAAATTTTGTGAATT 
 GTTTTTCTCTCTTCCCCTTATCT 
   
 >2:176638778-176638958 (SEQ ID NO.: 36) 
 TGAAATAATCATGTCCAGAAATGTATCAAAGGCCAGAGGGATTATCCCACTTAATA 
 GCTCCACAGATGCGCCCAGAAGAATGTGGACGCGCGACAGGACGGGCTGAAAGGCT 
 GCAGGAGGAAGCAGGCAGCCCCGGCTCCTGGCTTTACCATTTCGGTTGCTTTCCTAA 
 AAGGCTACATGC 
   
 >2:216013535-216013835 (SEQ ID NO.: 37) 
 TTTGGGGCGTGAGTTTTCTTCGGGCTTTTTTTCCCCTCTTTTAATTCCCCGAGCGCAAT 
 TTGGGGCGCATGCGTCCACGAGACGCCCCGCTACCGCCCTCTAAGGGTGAAGCAGG 
 GACTCCAGCCAGTCCTCAAAATCCCAGGGCACCGGAGGCTGGCAGCCGGGCTGGGG 
 GAGGGCGGGGAGGGGAAAGCCCTGGAGCCACAGAGCACGAGGTTGGGCTGAATCT 
 ATTCGTACCTTTTATTGGCTTCACTGCGCGAGGAAATTAAAGATCCTCCCCCACCCCT 
 ACAGGCCTTCAAAGCAG 
   
 >2:222424114-222424294 (SEQ ID NO.: 38) 
 GGGAGGAAATCCGACTTCACCTTGGGCTCAGAGTTGCAAGGAAGGTCACTGTGGGA 
 TCAGCCTGAGCCCAAAAGGATGGGCTAATGGGAGCGGCCGCAGGTGCACGCGCGCT 
 CGGCCGCTCCCATTAGTGTTACGTCTGCCGGGGGAAGAAGGTGGGGTGGGGGGTTG 
 GGGGCGCCGGGAG 
   
 >2:238848026-238848686 (SEQ ID NO.: 39) 
 GCCCAGCTAGAGTTTCCAAAAAAGTTAGAATAACTTCCTCTCCCGGAGACCTCGGTT 
 TTGCACAAGCCGGCCTTGAAATCAGAGCCTTTCCAGCAACTCCGAGAGCGTGTGCTC 
 GGCGACCGCGGGCTTGGCCAGCGGCGCGCGCTCGGCGCCCCGGCGCCCCCAGCCCC 
 ACGCGCGCCGGGCGGGCGCCATGGAGGAGGGCTCCAGCTCGCCCGTGTCCCCCGTG 
 GACAGCCTGGGCACCAGCGAGGAGGAGCTCGAGAGGCAGCCCAAGCGCTTCGGCC 
 GGAAGCGGCGCTACAGCAAGAAGTCGAGCGAAGATGGCAGCCCGACCCCGGGCAA 
 GCGCGGCAAGAAGGGCAGCCCCAGCGCGCAGTCCTTCGAGGAGCTGCAGAGCCAGC 
 GCATCCTGGCCAACGTGCGCGAGCGCCAGCGCACCCAGTCGCTCAACGAGGCCTTC 
 GCGGCGCTGCGCAAGATCATCCCCACGCTGCCCTCTGACAAGCTGAGCAAGATCCA 
 GACGCTCAAGCTGGCCGCCAGGTACATAGACTTCCTCTACCAGGTCCTGCAGAGCG 
 ACGAGATGGACAATAAGATGACCAGCTGCAGCTACGTGGCCCACGAGCGCCTCAGC 
 TACGCCTTCTCCGTGTGGCGCATGGAGGGCGCGTGGTCCATGTCC 
   
 >3:14880783-14881083 (SEQ ID NO.: 40) 
 CATTTTAATTGTCCAAAACTAATTGCCCTTTTACAAGTCTGTGATATAAGAGGCAGG 
 AAAGCAATGTGGAGACAGAGGTGATTTCCATTAACAGAGGCCTGGCAGCAGGCAGG 
 CACTCACCGACGCTTTTCAGGGAAGTCCGTCTCCTGATTAATGTGCTTCCGGGGGCA 
 GACAGCGGATGCGTCTCCTTGCTCAGGGATGGGGTGCATGGGGGCATGGTCTGAGG 
 TTTTGTGCAGGTTGTTTGAGGTTTCCTTAGCCCTCTTGCTGAGAAAGGCAGGAAGAG 
 GACAGTGGAGTGTTTCTG 
   
 >3:37453325-37453874 (SEQ ID NO.: 41) 
 TCTATAGTGGCCAAGGGGTCCAGTTGTCCCCTGAGTCCGGAGGGGTGGGCCTAAGA 
 AGGGGGCAGCTCTCCCCCATTAAGCACCATAAGCCGAGTGGTACAGAGCTTGTGCC 
 CAACCCCAGCAGAGAAGCACTAAGGGGGGGTTGGTGCCCTCCTTGGCCACATCCTC 
 TGGACCAGAGGGTATAAACAGCCACACAGTGGTCACTTCTTGATAGGAGAGAGAGT 
 TAGGCTGCGGGAAGTTCCCCCGTTCAAGGTCGTGCCTCATGGGGGCCCAGGTGACA 
 GCCAGGCCGGGGTTGATTTTATTGTGTATTCACCAGCCTGAGCGTCCTTAGGGGTGG 
 CAGGCAGGGAGGTCGAGGTCACTGATGCTGGTGCTCTCAGCATGTAGTTATGCAGG 
 AGAGTCACTGCTCTGTATTGGACAGAGGCTGATGGAAAAGGGTGGTTTGTGGATCG 
 CAGTACTCAAGCATTCCTGGAAAAGGGGACTCTGAGACCAGCCCACTAAGAATCAT 
 GCTGTTCAGGAGATCAGCCTTCAAGAGAACCAGTTTTCAAAGCCC 
   
 >3:38039106-38039524 (SEQ ID NO.: 42) 
 GCTGAAGACACAAATGTTTACAATGACCACAGCGATGACGGGATCCGAGAGAAAGG 
 CAAGGCGGAAGGGGTGAGGCCGGAAGCCGAAGTGCCGCAGGGAGTTAGCGGCGTC 
 TCGGTTGCCATGGAGACCAGGAGCTCCAAAACGCGGAGGTCTTTAGCGTCCCGGAC 
 CAACGAGTGCCAGGGGACAATGTGGGCGCCAACTTCGCCACCAGCCGGGTCCAGCA 
 GCCCCAGCCAGCCCACCTGGAAGTCCTCCTTGTATTCCTCCCTCGCCTACTCTGAGG 
 CCTTCCACTACAGCTTCGCAGCCCGGCCCCGCCGCCTCACGCAGCTTGCGCTGGCGC 
 AGCGTCCCGAGCCTCAGCTGCTTCGTCTGCGCCCCTCCTCGCTGCGCACCCAAGATA 
 TCTCGCACTTGCTCACCGGCGTCTT 
   
 >3:43894073-43894613 (SEQ ID NO.: 43) 
 ATAACGCGTAATGGAGTTAAGATGCAGATTCTGGAGCCAGACTGTCTGAGTTCAAA 
 GGCTCCTAATAGCTGGGCTCCTTAACCTCTCTGTGCCTCACTTCCTCGTCCGGAAATT 
 GAAGCTAATAAGAGCACTGACTTCCCTGGGCGGCGGTTGAAGGCTACCTGTGTGGA 
 TCTGGGCACAGCGAAGAGCGGAGCCTTAACAGGGTGAGCACGCCGGTTGCGCGCTC 
 TCCAGAGCAGCCCAGCATCTCCCGCCAGCCTCGCTGCCCGCTCCGCCCCGGCGCAGG 
 GGCCCCAAGCCCACAGGCAACGCCAGCGCGCTCCCAACCGCTGGAGACAGAAACAA 
 TGTGCGCGCGCACACGGCCCACGTGCACGCGCGCACGCCCACGCGGCATACAGGCG 
 CGCACGTGCACACGCGCGCCTGCACAGCTCTGCGGCTCTGCTCCGGCCCCACAGGCC 
 CATCTTAAAGTGTTTCGTGCTCTAACTTACCAAACACGTGGCAGCCGGCAGAACGAA 
 AAGGAAAATAAATGAACTGCGACGAAATAAAG 
   
 >3:43998051-43998471 (SEQ ID NO.: 44) 
 AGTTTGAAAGAATCCAGTGTAGAAACAGACTTCTCCGTCCAATTTGGTTTTAATCAG 
 TAATCATATAAGTATACCCACATAACCACCTAAGTGGAGAGCAGACGCCCAGATTC 
 ACGGTCCCCACGTGTTGCTGGAGTTGGCGCAGACGCGTGTGCGGGCATAGCGGCGG 
 ACGTGACACCGCATTTTCTCCGAATTCCTGCCATCTAGGGTGGTGCCGCCCCAAGAG 
 GGGGCCGTGGGGAGGTGGGGTAATAGGCTGCGCAATCCACTTGCTCTGGGGGAGCT 
 TAGGGTTCAGAGCAGAGCGCAACTCCGGGGGGCTGTCGCACAGCCCCATTCTCCCA 
 CACCAGAAGAGCAATGCTCCTTATGGATGATTAATAGCCGGGCTTCTCCTGACCATG 
 CGGCGCGTCCCTGCCGGCACCACTTA 
   
 >3:44022250-44022430 (SEQ ID NO.: 45) 
 CTGCGGGCTGAGCTCGCCCCCTCCCCCGACTTCTTTGCGGGGCATTTTCTCTTGCTGG 
 TGTATTACGTGTCATTTCTCACGGGGCATTGCCGGCCGCTTTTCTGCAACTGTCCTTT 
 CGGATTTGGTGATCTGGTCCGGCACAGAGGCTCTCCTAGGAGGTGGTGCCCATGCAT 
 ATTCATTC 
   
 >3:54121546-54121726 (SEQ ID NO.: 46) 
 GGCGCCGGAGTGGGGAGCAGGCAATCCCCCAGGCTCGGAGAAATCTTTTATCCCGA 
 AATCCAGGGTGTCCCCCGGTCAGGATCGACTCGGCGCCGCGTTGGCTTCCTCGCTCA 
 ACCCTGACATCCCGGTCCCCACCAGTCACCGCAGCCGGGCGGACTCCGAAGGCAGC 
 GGCCGCTGGGGA 
   
 >3:113441338-113441758 (SEQ ID NO.: 47) 
 AAGGCTATAACACTGGTCCAGCCTGAGAGAAGCCCAAGTGGGGTTCACTGCCCTCT 
 GAGCCACAGATTTAAGGGGGAGGGTGTGGAAACTGCCGGCTGCTGAGGTCCAAACT 
 CACCGAAGGTACTGACCGCCGCGGCTCCTCTCTTCACAGCGTCTGCCGGAGGCCTCC 
 GTTTACTCCGGTTACCGAGACAACGCCACCCCTCTTCCAGGGAGGCGGAACCAGGG 
 CGGGCCGTGGGGCGCATGCGCGGCCGGCGTCCAGCTCTCCGGGAACCCGGTACCTA 
 TCCGCCCTTTGGTCGGGCCTTCTCCGCCTCATGACACTGGTTCAAAGCCAAACAGAA 
 AAGCCCGACGAGTTTATTATCCCCTAAAGGACGTCATGTAGATAATTAAATGACATG 
 AATACCGTCGAAGATACCTGCCTGAT 
   
 >3:119322448-119322772 (SEQ ID NO.: 48) 
 CCTTCCTCCTCCGGGCAGCTTCTCTCAGTGGCAGCTGTGTTCCCCATGGTTTGTCCTG 
 GATGTCTCCCTTGTGCCATCCTTGCAAGCCCGCGGCCAGCGCCTCCACCCACGCTCC 
 GGCCTTGCTCCCACTCCCACCGCTCTGCCACCTCCCACCTCAGCCTCCCACCTTGGTG 
 TGGAGGGACCAGCGTCGAAGACAAAGGAATCTCTGACGAGAACCGGCCAGTCCGG 
 GAGGGACGGCGGGGAAGGGGGTGCTGCTCTGGCGGAGCCCTCACTTCACTCGCTTC 
 CCCTCGAGCGCCCCTCTAGGCTGGGGCCCGGCCGCTCTGGG 
   
 >3:128491607-128492807 (SEQ ID NO.: 49) 
 GTTCAATTCCAGCCCCTTAAAGCAGAAGGCTCCCTCCCTCGGCATCAGTGCAGGCTC 
 TCCCACCTCATTACTGTTCTGTGTCTTTGGGAATCGTAGAGTCTGTGGCCCCCACGTC 
 CTAGGTGTCTCGGCACCCTGGACCCAGGCGCCTCCGAGATTCTATATCGCTTCTGAC 
 CCCTACCTTCAAGCCTGGCAGGCTCCCCGCGGAACCCTGCTGAGACCCGGAGACAA 
 TCGGGCCGTGCTTCTCCCTCCTCCACGAACAGCCACGGTTTATTTGGAGCGGCCGGG 
 GCCGGCGGCCTGACAACTGGTAAATCCGTTTCGTTAGGCACAATTTGTCTGCAATTT 
 GTCAGCCCGGCTGGGAAACGCTCCCCAGACGCCTCGGCTGCCGCACGGGCCCTACC 
 TGGTTCTCGAATCCTGCCTGCTCATAAACGAATCCTAGCACGGGGTGCCTGCGTAGA 
 CCTGGAGCTCACCACCAGATGTTCCCGACCTCGGGAGAGGAGGCTTTTTCCAAAACA 
 ACGAATTTCCTTCCTTGTTTTCCGGTAAAGGAGCGTTCGCCACACACGGGGTCCCTG 
 AACGCGGGGCCTTTCCCCTCGTGGTTGGAGCAACGCGGAGTTCAAGCCTGGCCGCC 
 ACAGAATAATTTTAAATGCCCCGTTTTCAGACAGATCCAGAACGCCGTCTACGCCTA 
 CCGGCGGCAGATCTTCAAGCCCGCGGCGGCCCCATTCTTATTGAAATCCCACTAAAC 
 GGATTCCGACTCCGGCTTGGGGCGGGGGGAGACTTCCAGACCCGGCGCTCTCCCCC 
 ACACGCACCCCAGTCACACAGGATAAAGGGCTGCGGGGCGCAGCGCGCGGGGGCG 
 CAAGCAGGAGCGAGCTGGGTTAAGCCGCGAAAAGCCGGCGCACGGGACCAGCCGG 
 CAGGTGCAGCCGCCGCTCGGCGGCCCGGCTCGGACGCATCCGCCGCGGTGGCCTGG 
 GGATTGGGGGCGGCCGAGACAAAGGCCCCAGTTCGGGGGCCGGGAGGCGGGGGTG 
 CTTTGCGAGGCTCTGGGAATGCCAGGGTCTCGTGGCCTGTGGCTCCGAGAAATGGGA 
 AGACAAGAGGCCCGAGGCGGGCCTGCTGTGCCCAGGTAACCAAATACTCCCTCTGG 
 TTAAAGTCCCTATAACCAGGGTTTCCGGTCTCTGGCAGGGCCAAGGCGAGCCCCAA 
 AGGTAGGGGCCACAGG 
   
 >3:185363363-185363963 (SEQ ID NO.: 50) 
 GTTGTTGTGAGTATTGCACTCTGTTTTTCCTGTTTCTTCAGTATTTATTTCACAAGGAC 
 AGACAGAGAATGTGTGATTTGAGGTGATTAGAAAGCTGATATTATTGAGGGCGACA 
 CCGTGAGAGAGACAGAGAGACAGAGGCGGAGAGAAACCCGAAACCCCGTTACAGC 
 TAGGAGCCTCTGAAACTGACAGCTGGTTTTCCTTTGCTTGTCTGCCTGCTAGACGTGG 
 ACATTTTTCATTTACGGTTCTGCACGTTACCTCGGATGCCTGCTTGGCTTTCCTTAAA 
 GGGAGATTCATTTCTCTGAGAGATGATGTGGATGGTATTAGCAGAAAAGCCCAGAA 
 CACCAGAAAGGTGCTGAGAAAAGCGGGGCCCGCAAGACAGAGCAGGTTCTATCCTG 
 TGGGGCACTTGTCTTCCTTGCGACCGTCCTTTCTGCCGTTCCTCACCCTTCACCTTGC 
 CTTTGTTTCATATTGTGTAACAGTCAGTATCTTGCGATTGCAATTTGGTGAAGATGAA 
 TACTTGTTCAACCATTTTTCAAAAGCTCTTATGACGGGAGCCATAGTGGTGTATTTAT 
 ATATATTCATAGCTCTTCTTTATGTCACT 
   
 >4:41867059-41867539 (SEQ ID NO.: 51) 
 TTTCCCTCCTCGGCCCAGCTGAACGAGGCTCAATGCCTCAAAGATGCAGAGCTGCCT 
 CGGTGGACATGCTCTGTGGCTGATATTATAATTTTCATAATGCGCTTTTATGTCGCGC 
 CAGACTCCTCCGGTGAGGAGCCCGCAGAGCTGCTGAAAGGGGCTTTGAGAGGCCCG 
 GGCGCGCGGCTGCTGCGAGCTGCGCGCCCCCCGCCGGCCTGAGTGGCACCGCGTGC 
 CCCTGCCGGGGCGCGGCTCCTGCACTGCGGGCGCGCAGGCGGCGGCGGGCTCTGCC 
 GGCGCCCCTTATTAGCATGCACCCTGGGTGCGCCTGGCCTGCTCCCGCTGCTTCCGG 
 GCCTCTCTGCGCCCCTCCGAGTCTCTGCCATCCGCCTGGGTGCGAGGTCCCTGGCCTT 
 GCTCCTGGTCAAACTCCATTCCGCTCCAGCTCAGGCTTTAGGGAAGGTCAAGGTGTT 
 AAAATGTGGGCAGAACATTCCGGAAG 
   
 >4:42151203-42151863 (SEQ ID NO.: 52) 
 AGAAGTGGAGAGAAGAAGAAACAAATGGAGGAAGAAGGAGAAAGGGAAAAAGCA 
 GACGGAAAAAGTGAAGTAGTACGAGGGCGTCCCAGCGGGGCGGCCCGAGAAGCTC 
 CAGCTTCTTCCCGAGCGGCCGCCGCTATCCCCCGGGGGGGCGTCTGGCCCCACTCCG 
 GACCACGCCCGAGCGATCCTGGTCGCCGACTGCCACAGCCGTGCTTCCCGGCGCGG 
 GATCCAAGCCGCGGAGCCACCTGTTAGGCGCGCGCCGTCGGAAGCCCAGGCGCGGC 
 GGCGCTGGAGAATCCTCTCGAAGTTTCCGGGTGCGCGGGGAGGCCCCAGGTGCGCC 
 CCGACATCCCGACACGGCCCAGCACGGGTAAGTGTCGGCGGCCCCCCGCTTCTCCTT 
 CCTGGGTCCCCTCCCGCTGCCCCCGGCCGTGGCGGGAAGGAAAGTTGTGCGGAGAG 
 TTGGTACCTGCGCTGAGCTCCAGGCTGGCGCTGTCGCTACCCGTGCCGCCGGTGCCG 
 GCGGCCGCCGCCGCGCCTGGGCCATACCTGACGACAGCGGCGAACGAAGACGACGA 
 GGAGGCGGCGGGGGACGCGGGCGGCGGCTGCGCCGGAGTCCTCAAGTGGCCCTGG 
 GATGTGGCGGGCGTGCAGGACGGCGACGACGACGAAGCGGCGGCGG 
   
 >4:143699914-143701174 (SEQ ID NO.: 53) 
 GTGCTGATAGCGCACCCCAGCACGGAGGAAAGCCTCACAGTCTACGCCCTTGCCCCT 
 GGGGAGAGGGGCCCCCACCGCGTCCACCAAGCGCCCGTACTTGGGCAGGGGGCCGT 
 CCTCGTGAGGAAGTGGGGTAAGCCGGCACCTGCGGGTGGCCGTGGCTCCAGACTTC 
 AGGGAGGCGAAGTCCAGCACTCTCCTGTCTATGGCGCGGCTCCAGCTTCGCAGCTTC 
 TCCACTACCAAAGGCCTGTTACGCGTCACCAGCTCCAGCTGGGAGAAGACCAAGTC 
 CACCGCCAGCGTGAAGGGCAGCACCAGAGTGTGAGTCGGGGCGTCGTAGCGCAGCT 
 GCAGCAGCACCCGGGCGCGTCCGGGGCTGTGGGAGCCGAAGTGAGTGTACTGGACT 
 TGGCGGGGCCCGAAGGTGCAGGGGAAGCGGCGCGGGGAGAGCGCGCCCTTGAGCC 
 GCGGCAGGGCGTCCAGTACCGTGACTTCGCACCGGTCCCCCGGCTGCACTCCAATCA 
 CCAGATCCCGGAGCGGGTCGAGCCAAAGGGAACGACCCAGGGGCACCCGGAGTCC 
 AGGGTTGGCAATCAGCACGCTGGGGCCGTCGGGGCGAGTGCCGTCAAGCGCACCCC 
 GGGCGGGCAGGTAAAGCGCCGGGTCGGGCTCGGTCCCAAGTGAGGATGCCCGTCCC 
 TGCAGCGCGGGGCGACTCAAGAGCAGGCAGGCGAGCGCCACAAGGAGCTGCCGGG 
 GCGTCCCAGTCGGGTGCCGAGAAGCCCCCGCCATGGCCACGGATGGCTCCTGGCGT 
 TGGGATTCCCGGGGTGGGGTGCCCTGTGCAAAGAGGGATCTGCTGAGCGGCAGGTG 
 CAGGCAGTGGAAGCAGTAGCTGCTGTCCAGTCGGTAGCCGACTTGCGGATCCAGCA 
 AGAGCCAGCGGCTGCGCTTCGGCTGCTGCAGGTAACGGCAGCGGGGGAAGGGGCTC 
 TGCCCACTTCCTGCTCAGCCCCGGTCGCAAGTCTCTCTCTGCTGGCTTCTGGGGACCC 
 CAGATACGCGCCCAGCGCGGCGAGACTTAGCGAGGGTGCAGCGCTGTCCCCTCCGC 
 TCCTGGGCGCTTCACCCAGCCTACCTTACACACCTTCTCGCCGGGAGCCGTGGCCGC 
 CGCACTGCTGCCCGCGCTGCCAGACTCCGACCAGCTGTCTGGATACTCTCTTCCCCA 
 GGTGCCACAAAGGGATTGTCCCTCAGGGTTGGGAGAGAGACGGTGACTGTACTCGG 
 GTCAGTCCTGCGTCTGTGAGATTGA 
   
 >4:145733372-145733552 (SEQ ID NO.: 54) 
 AGGGACCGGGAGCGGCAGGGGCTGCACATGACCTGGGGCGCGGGAAGGAGCCCGC 
 TGCCGTCTAGGCCCGCGAAGGGCCCCGGCAGCCGCCGACTTCTGAGGAAAAGCAGA 
 ACGGTGTTTGGTTTACTAAAGTAGCCGCCTCCTACCACTCTTCCTCCCCAGCCCCGCT 
 CTCTGCTCCCCA 
   
 >4:153249541-153249721 (SEQ ID NO.: 55) 
 AGCATGTGTGGAAGAGGCAGGCATTATTAGCAGCGCGTCCGCCTCGGCCACCTCCCT 
 GCTCCCGCCTCGGCCACCTCCCTGCTCCCGCCCCGGCCCTGGGGGCCTCTGTTCAGC 
 CTCCACCAGCTCAGTCGCCCACGGAGACTCCCGAACTCTTAAATCCCAGCCCTGTAG 
 TCAAAACCAC 
   
 >4:182448095-182448815 (SEQ ID NO.: 56) 
 CTTGCACACATGCCTTCAGCCCCTGGTACCGTCTTCTCTCCCCGGGTCGCGACACTG 
 ACTCGTCAACGTTAATGGGGGTCCGCGACTGCTGCGGGGACGAGGGCGCAGAGCAG 
 CCCCCGCCACGGGCCGGTCCACGCAGGGGCCGAGAAAGTGGCGGAGAGGCGGTGG 
 CCGAGGCCCAGGGGCGAGCGCGGGCTGAGCTGGTCCCTGCTGCGTTCACGAGCGAC 
 ACCCACCCCTTCGCTGCGGACGCCCCGCGGGCGCCAGGCTGGGGGCCCTGCGACCG 
 ACCCCTCCCGCCCCCGAGGTACCGCCGGGCCCGCCTGGCAGGCAGCGCGTCCCGCG 
 AGCTGGAGGGCCGAGTTTCGCGGGGCCGTGGGGCGTGTGGGTGAAGGCGACACCTC 
 GGATGCGGGACGCATGAATGGTGGCAGAGCAGGGGTCGGGATCCGTTCATGGGTTG 
 GGAGAGAGATGCTTTTGTGAGCACGGGAAAGTAGCGCTGCCGGAGAACAGCTCTGA 
 GGCGGGATCAAAAGCCGCCGGCGAAGCCCCGCCGAGGAACACGGCCGCTGCCCGG 
 GGCGGCTCGCGAGCGTGCGTGTGTGGAGGGGAGGATGCCGCCCCGCGGGGTCTTCG 
 GAGGGTGCCGGGAGCGGGTTCTCAGTGCAGTTCCCCCGTCTTCGCTGGGGGCACGG 
 CTGCTCACAGGCCCCGGCCCGCGTGTGTGGAGCGGGGCGAGGGGGTGAGG 
   
 >5:1875964-1876144 (SEQ ID NO.: 57) 
 GCTATTACTGTCAAGTACCCTTGACTCTTTATTTTTGCCCTTTTATCTATTACAACTAA 
 TTCGAGTTCTTTTGCCCTTTTCAGTCTAAGACGTGGGCTTTCTGCAAAGCCTCCCCCT 
 GCCAGCGAGCTCTCGGAGCGCGGAGCCTTTAGAAATTGAGGGGTTTACTGTCAAAA 
 TGAAAATT 
   
 >5:31854956-31855556 (SEQ ID NO.: 58) 
 GCCTTCGGGAAGTCCTGCAGGAGCCGCGTTCCAGGAGGGCAGCTGGCAGCCGCCCC 
 AGGCCCCCGGGCCGCCTGCAGGTGATTAGGCTAATGAGCTGCCCCGGGGGCGCGGA 
 GACCGGCCTGGCGAGCGGATTACCCGGCGCCCAGCTGCTGCCGGCGGAGACTCCCA 
 GGAGCTCCGGAGAGGAACCCTCCGAAGGTGACTTCAGAACTGGAGGTAGGAAATCG 
 GCTTCTCAGGCGAAAGCCTCAGGTTTTCTGATCTGATCCAGGTCGGGTGCAGACTGG 
 GGCTGAATCCACAAATGTGGAGATTTAGCCACAGCCTCGGAGGCGCGGAGCGGCCA 
 CCTAAGCGTCTGCCCTTCTCGTCTCCCGGATCACTGGGGTGTGTTGTTTTTAAAGTGG 
 GGGATTTGCGTGTTGAGAGACGGTTTGTGTTCCTCGGGAGGAGTAAGTGACTTGGAG 
 CTGGTTTGTCAATGGCTGGACGGAAGGAGGCGCCCCGGCTGTGTGTGACGGGCAGG 
 GAAGGGGTGCCCAGAGGGGACAGGTAATAGGGGGTTCCGGAGCCACGGCGGTTTCA 
 GAACCTTGGGGCCTGTGCCGTTGAAGCCCCGGTAGGG 
   
 >5:32713356-32713716 (SEQ ID NO.: 59) 
 CTCGAGGCTGAGGATGGTGGCTATGGCTTCGGGGAGCGGGGGGACGCGGACGTGTA 
 ATCGCCAGTGTGGCCCATTTTACGGTAGGGTAGAATCTGAGGGAAGGCGGACTGAG 
 ATGCCGGTATAGCGCCGATCCCTCCTCCCTCTAGTCAGGGATTAGGAGCACTGCGAT 
 GAGGGAATCCCGTCTCTGCTCCCCCTTGGCGCTCACGCGCCTGGAATGTGAGTGGTG 
 CAATCCCGGCAAAGCTCCCCGAGACCCCAGTGCCACGCGGATGAGACCGAAGGGGA 
 GCGGAGTTGAGCCAGGCGCCGGGCTAGTCCACAACTTGGCATGGCCGAGCACCTGG 
 GCGCTGGTCGTAGGGGACAGCGC 
   
 >5:38555799-38556399 (SEQ ID NO.: 60) 
 TCCTGAATCCAGCTTTGTGCTTTTACACAACATAACAGAAATGGCATCTTTCACAAA 
 GCCTAACTTTGACCTCCAACACTTTAACTTTGGGTTTAACCAGTACACCACCTTCGGA 
 AGTTAGCACATAAAAATACAGGTAAGTCAAATGCACTACGGATACAGAAAGGACGA 
 GGAACAGGTTTAAAGGGGAGTTGAAGCAGAGGGGCACGAAATCACCTGGCAGGTC 
 ACCTCTCCGAAGGAAAAACATTTCAAGCTCCCTCCCATCCCCCAGGTAACCTCTGGC 
 CTCAGAACTCACTGCCCTGCGTGGGGCAGAAGTTCTGGGCGCTGGAGTCCGCGTCCC 
 CCAGGACACGAGGGTGACCCAAGGGCGCGCGGAGAGCGGCGGGACCCGGAGCGGC 
 GCTCTCCGGGGTCACTCCCCTAGGACGCTCCGCAGAGCTGGGAGCGCTGCCCCACCC 
 CGCCCGGGCCGCCCCTGGGGACCCCGCTCGGGGCTCCGCGGCTCCCCTGCTCCGCGC 
 CGCGCCCACCCGCCCCCAGGACTCACGGTACGCTCCCGCGCCGCTATCTTGCCATCC 
 CCTGCCGCCGGCTCTGTAGCCTCGGCCGCCGCCCC 
   
 >5:88683649-88683949 (SEQ ID NO.: 61) 
 CCGACCTAACCACACTCCAGTCTCTTCTAGGTCGTCACCGCTCTGCACCAAACAAAT 
 GAGTCCTGTTTCACCACTAGGGTGCCGAGGTGGATGGTGGATGCTGGCCCCCGCCCC 
 TGGCAGCGCTCAGCCCTTAGAAACCAGAGCCAGCTGACAACACGCGAAACACACAG 
 GCACAGCGAAAACGCCGAGCCGACGCTCATTCCCTCTGCCCCCTCCCTCTGCTCTCT 
 GTAACAAGGAGGACACGTACACAGCCTTTACACACTTAAAAGCCCTTGCGACTCCCT 
 CTGAATTCTTAGTTACT 
   
 >5:93621604-93621784 (SEQ ID NO.: 62) 
 TGGTTTCCCCTGCGTGCGGGATCGCACAGCGCCTGTTTCCTTGCTTCCCAAGGGGGT 
 GGTGTGGAGGGGAAGGGGGAATGATTTTTCTTGCGTCTCCCGGAAGCTGTGCTGTTA 
 GACACAATTACCTCAGCTAGGTCACTGAGACCAAATCATACGGGACGCTTAATGAA 
 GGACCGCATTC 
   
 >5:173236238-173237198 (SEQ ID NO.: 63) 
 TGCGGCTCGGTCAGGCGCGTGGGGGAAGGGCAGGGCAAGTGGGGTGATCATGATCA 
 TTTTTAGCCCAGGGTCAGTAGAGTAGGGCACAGAAGTCAGACAAATCTGCCAGAGT 
 TTCAGGAGCGCCAGCTACATGGCCAGATCCTGCCCGGGTGGCCTCATTTCTCTGGGT 
 CCCCGCACTCCTTGGGAGGTCTGATGAAAGCTTGGGGTCTTCTCCATTCCCCAGAAC 
 ACTGCAGAGAGGAGTTTTATTTTGCTTACAATTCAGGAGTCCGGGCAGGCAGAGCG 
 GGCCCAGGTTAAGGACGCCTTCTAGAGCTGGGGATGACAGGATTTGTCAGTGGAAA 
 AGCGTTGGCTTCTCACGGCCCTAGCTGGTACAGGGAACCGCGGGCGGGAAGCTGGG 
 CGGGACGCGTGGACTTGCTGAGAATGGGGATGTGGAGGGCTTGGCTCTTTGCGGAG 
 TGCGGGTTGGCAAGAGGCGCTTGGAGTAGAATAAAGGCGGCGCAGGGCCAAAAACT 
 ACCTAAAGACACAGCTCCCGCAGGCGCGCCCAAGGTGCGGAGGAAACGCTCCATGT 
 ATGGGGACAAAATAGTGTCTGTCCAGAACGTACATCTTGGGTGCTCAAACCCGACA 
 GTGTGCCGTCTGAGACGCCGACGCAAGTGAAGTCAAGCATTGGCCTGATGTTGGGA 
 CTTTTCCTGTCCCTCATCAAAGCCACACTCCCAGGACCTGGGGCCTCCATGCTGGGG 
 AGAGAGGTGAGCCCCGCAGGGCAGCCCAGGAGGCGCGCAACGCCCTGACCCCGGCT 
 TCTAGGCGCCAGCCGTCAGTAACAGGCCTGGGCTGCCACGCCGAAATCACGCCTCG 
 AGTTTCTGAGCCAGGGACTACTGGGGGTCTGGAATTGTTAGTCTAGTCTGTGGAGGA 
 TGCCTTTTCTTAAATGTGGGGCGTTCAAGGCCCAGGAAACCTCGTCCCCCCACCTCT 
 TCAC 
   
 >5:175772822-175773002 (SEQ ID NO.: 64) 
 CTCCAAGCCGACGCGCCCTGTTTTATGCCTTGAGTAGGCGGGAGCCTTGCAGGTCTG 
 TGGGTTTCTTTCTCAAAGGAAAATTGCTGGGCTCGTGAGGAACAGCCTCGGGCACTT 
 GCTCTACTTGGAAAGGGTGAAGAGCGCGGGCTTTGGAACCCTAGGCGCGCCCGCAA 
 TCCCAGCTCTG 
   
 >6:6004596-6005316 (SEQ ID NO.: 65) 
 AAATAAGTCGTGAACATTTCTGTCTTTTAAAACTGTGACTCCTTGGACTCTAGCCTTC 
 TCTGGGAGGCCGGGAGGCTGCGCGCGGGACGGATTTTGCAGGCGCACGCGTCCCAG 
 CAGGTCGCAGCCCGTGGGTCCCTCGCTGTCCTTCCTGAACCCCGCTTAGGCGAGACT 
 CTAGCGGGTGACCCTGGCTCCTTCCCTGTCCTCTCTGCCGTCCCCTTCTTGTGCGGTT 
 TCCATCCGTTCATTCATTCGTTCGACCTCTCATTCATTCCGAACTTCCTCCTGCTGCGT 
 CTTCTTTCGTGTTCACCACACTCTTCTACCTCCCCGCCCCTCCCAACCCCCACTTTTCT 
 TGCCAAATGTCAATGATTTGGGACAGCTCCCAGCCGTGAATTAATAAAGACCGAGG 
 TTCTGTTGCAGGAAAGGGCAGACATTAGGGAACAAATACGTTCAATTTCAATTCCAC 
 AGTCAACAAATAGTCATTTTTGGACCGAGGTTAATGTGTTCAAAACGCGTCCCTCAG 
 GCACGACCACCGTCTTTTTTTTCCCTCCAAACCTCTCAAAGTAAGGTTATTTCCTACC 
 GGGAAAACAGAGTCCCAAATCTTGTCCGATTAAAATTTCTATCTCAAAAACAACTCT 
 CTCTCCTGCTCTCTAAAAATTCAAAGGTTTATTGCAAAATGCCACATTCACTTATTTC 
 CAACATTTAAGGAATTTGCTGCCATTAGAAA 
   
 >6:10415249-10415489 (SEQ ID NO.: 66) 
 GATCTCCCTCTAATGGTAGAAACTTTTCCCTTTTCCAGCTCTTTACCAACAGCCTAAT 
 CGCCTCATTAGCATATCAACAATAGTCCAATTGCTCGCCAGTACCACAATCTGCCGC 
 CGGCCGCTCCGACACAGGTATAAAGGCCTCTCTACGCCGCGAACTTGCTTCTAGAGC 
 GCACTCCAGCCTGCGAACTGATAAAACCTTCCTCGAGCTCCGCCGCGAGGCCCTGCC 
 CCAACACCCCCT 
   
 >6:26550445-26550884 (SEQ ID NO.: 67) 
 GAGATAGAGTGAGAACTCCGTCTCAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATACCTCCTTCTTCT 
 CTCAAAACTCTCCAATGGCTTCCACCCTGGGTCATCAACATGGCCTGGAAGAGCCGT 
 ACTCTGGATACCCGAGGGCGCGGCCCCAGCGCCGCGACGCCCCGCCCCTCTGGCTG 
 CTCCGCTCTGGGATGCACTTCCGACGCCCTCTAGGCTTGGGAGTTCCGCGCCTCTCG 
 GTGTCGCCTGGGGGGCGTGCTCCGGTTGGCGCACTGATTCCCAGTTGGGTAGGGGAG 
 GCTTGACTGAGCTCCCACCCGGAATTTCACCTTAGACCTTTAAAGACCTTGCTCCGG 
 CCTCCCGCGCCAGCGCTAACACCTAGTCCTCTTTAGTGGAGTTCCGGCGGAAGGGGA 
 TGGCGGGCACCCGACGGTGGTCTCCTCCCAGATGGCGAATTTC 
   
 >6:26754333-26755053 (SEQ ID NO.: 68) 
 AATAAGAAAGTTGAGGAGCAAAACGACGTGTCTAACGTCACACATTGAGCTAAAGA 
 CAGATGGGATCTGACATGCATTGTCAGCACAAATACAGCGCTTTTAAAAATCATACG 
 GATTTTGTGTCGTGAGGCACTCAGGACTCAGCTGATCTCGGCGTTCAGTCGTGCGTG 
 ATTTTGGATTTGCACCTCGCCCTTGGGCAAGTGCAGAATCCTGGGGTTATACAAAGC 
 ACATCACAGTTAACCCCTTTGTCCCAGTCCGCAGAATGAGAGCTCGGAGCCCGGCCA 
 TGGGTGGCTCGGTTATATAGGCAGGAAAATCAAGGAACCCAGGTGTGAGCAGGGGC 
 GTTTGTGGCGCGGAGAGAGCTCCTGTCCTTGCCGTCCACCTATTTCTCAGGCTTGGCC 
 CCTGGCGTGTAGAAAACCGCATCTCCGGAAAACCCAGAAAGTTACGTCGCCCAGGT 
 ACTCTCTTGTCATTCTCCGGGATGTAAAAGACTCAGGGTCTCTTCACGGATCACTGA 
 AACCGCCTTCTCCGAGGCCTCCAGGGTGACTAAAGAGAGGGTGGGTGTTCTGTGTTC 
 TCCCGCCGGTGTGTTCCTCTTCATGTCCAACCGCTTGTGTCTGTGCCCGCTAGGGTCT 
 CGGGGGTTTTTATAGGCACAGGATGGGGGCGTGGCGGGCCAGGGTGGTCTTGGGAA 
 ATGCAACATTTGGGCGCGGAGGAAGAAGTGCCCCTCCTC 
   
 >6:28988380-28988560 (SEQ ID NO.: 69) 
 TGCATTGCATTATACTATAGCAGCAACTATACTTTTAAATGATTCGAATCTTGAGGTT 
 TCAAACTGAACCGTCTTGTGCCTTTTGCCCGGCGGGCATTTCTGCGGGGACCGCGGG 
 TCACCTTCTGAATTTTTACCTTCATAAACAGCAAGGACTGCGCTCTTTCGCACGGCGC 
 CCCGTTTT 
   
 >6:31308135-31308735 (SEQ ID NO.: 70) 
 CCCACCCCAGCTCCTTCCTCCCTCTGTCATTGGTCACAGAACAAGTCAGTCATGATC 
 CAGATTGAAGGAGAAACCTGGAGCAAAATGGCCCCAGCGCTTCCCCACCTGAGAGG 
 GATCAGCTGAGGCCCCGCCCCCCCATCCCTGGGAGAACCGGGCTGGTCACTCTGGG 
 GTCGGGGCGGGGCACACCTGTGCCCGGAGTCTGAGGTCACTCACCGGCTGACCCTG 
 GTGGTGGTGCGGGCCCAGGAACCTCAGGCCCCTCAGTAACACATTCCCTGCGGTCTT 
 CGAGAACTTTCCTCAGGGCGCCCACAGCCCTGTGCCATCTTCTCCACCCGCGCTTCA 
 CGCTCTGATTCTCGCCGCGGCTGTGGAAGCTCAGGAATCGCGTGTCGCCCACGAAGG 
 CGCCGCGGAGGAACTCAGGGCCCACGTGGTGAAGGCGGAGCCCGGCGGCCTTCAAG 
 TACCCGGGGTGCGGGCCTGGGCTCCGGGAACCCGCACATTGCGGGCGGGAGAGGCG 
 CAGGGTGCCTGGGACGCCGCCCCGCTCGCCTCTCTCCTGGACGCCGTCGCCCTGCCT 
 CCCCGCGGGGACACAGCCTCCCTCCCACGTCCCGCC 
   
 >6:37570393-37570813 (SEQ ID NO.: 71) 
 GAGTTCCTCTTTGACCAGACGGCCTATGCATTGGGCCAGCTGAGCCCTAGATCATTC 
 CTCCTTTATCAAAGTTTTAATCCTCTCTGAGGTCCCGTGCACTCACCTCGCAGCTCTC 
 TTGGGAGCCCTTCCTGACTGCTGCGTTTCCTCCCGTCTGCTGGGGCCAGCTCCGGGC 
 CTTGGCGTATGCCGCCTGCTTCCCTTTTTATAGGCTCCACCTGCCTCACTAAACATCT 
 TTAAGCCTCTGAAATCAGAGGCCGTGTCTTGTGCCTCTTAACCCTTTACTGAGCCCA 
 GCACATTGTGAGTACTCTAAGAATGTCTACGGAGTGACTGACGAACCAGGAAGATG 
 GAGGAGATGGGTTCCTGCACTCCCTGTGCTCGCCCCTGGAGAGCTCCTGTGATATGG 
 AAGAGAATCCCAGGCTCCTGG 
   
 >6:42726729-42727149 (SEQ ID NO.: 72) 
 CGACGAGGAGGGCGGTGCTGAGCCCATAGCAAGTCTGTGGATGCCCCCTGGTGGCC 
 CTAAATAGAATGGCTTCAATGGATGGAAATTTAACGTGCTCGCATCCCCAGCACGTT 
 AAATTACCCAGAAAAGTAAGAGAAAAAGAACAGACACATCAGAAATGTCTCTGGCC 
 AAACCTTTCAAGTACGAATCAAGGCAAGATATGGCGATGAACAAGCAGAGAAAAGT 
 GGACTGCAAAGGAAGCAGTAATTAATCTGTCAGAGAAGGGAGGGCTCCTTCCTGCT 
 TCCGGACCATGTTGGATGTGAGTCTAGATGCGAGACATCTATTATAGAGATAATAGA 
 AGAGGTTAGCGGAACCAAGGATGGTTCACTTTTCTTCTTTAGAAATACCATTAATGC 
 TGATCGTCTTCGCCGCCGCCTGCGTG 
   
 >6:42771139-42771319 (SEQ ID NO.: 73) 
 AGGACATGGAGCAAATTAGCATCACACAAATGACGATGCTGCAAATGAGCGGTGTA 
 CAGGGTTGGCGGGTGTTGCAGGCAGGTTTCCTGTCGTTGGCGCCACGTGCTGCAGAA 
 AGAGGACCCCTCCCCCTGCGGGCCGCCGCTGCGCCCGTGCATCCGTCACAGGTACA 
 ATTCGCACCGGA 
   
 >6:43174231-43174471 (SEQ ID NO.: 74) 
 CGTCCTAGGGGACAGGTGTCCATCCTCACTTTCCTGATAGAAGACCGCCCCCCTAGA 
 TAAGCGGGCGGCCTCCGTGCCCATATAAGGCCGGCTTGGGCTCCACGCCGGCCTCCC 
 GCCCGCAGCCCGCCTGCCTGGCAGGGCCTTTGCATTCCTCCCGCCAGCTGTCTCCCC 
 GCTAGGGGCGGGGGTGTAGTTTAGCCCGGCCCTCCGGGCTGGGTCGCCAGGGAGTA 
 GAAAGGGAGCACTC 
   
 >6:44002777-44003257 (SEQ ID NO.: 75) 
 CGGCGGCGGCGGCGGCGGGAGGAGACGCAGGTCACGCCCCCTTCCCACCACCTCCC 
 GCCGCCGACGGGGCGCGCGCGCCGAGGAGCCCGGGACAGGTGACTCCTAGAGGACT 
 GCGTCTGCGCCTCCCCCGGCGGGAGTCCCTTCTTCGCGGCCTCTGCCGCCCCCTGCG 
 TCCCCTCCTGGGCTTCCGAGAGTCTGACTCAGCCAAGCCGGCATCGCTTCGCCTCCT 
 ACAACACACCCCGAGCGCGAGAAGAAATTACAGGATTGCAGGGGCACGGCTAATGC 
 GCTCTAATTACCCACCGCCGCTGTCATCCGCGGCGCTCCGCGGCGCTGGGCCAACGC 
 GCCGTAATTAAGACGCCGCTCCCCGGTCCCGGAACCCTCCCTTCGCCACCCTCCACC 
 CACCCACCTCGCGGTCCCCAGGACCACTGGCTGCCAACTCCTGCCGCCCTCTGGGAC 
 TGCCCCTCAGTCCCAGGAGAGCTATGAG 
   
 >6:72622682-72623402 (SEQ ID NO.: 76) 
 GCGCGTGCACACGTGGTGGCTTTTATTTCTTCGCACGTGTTCGTGGTCTTCCTTCTGG 
 AGCCTCTCCCCTCCCCCAGCCCCACTTCTCTCATCTCTACAGCTTGAACCTTTTCCCC 
 GAGGACACCCAATGAACTGCCCGGTAGCTTCAGGCTCCCGGGGCGAGAGCCAGGCA 
 GACGCGGGACTTAGGCTGCGCGGATAATTGGGAGCAATTAGGTCCCAAGATACGTA 
 AACTTCAACCGAACGGGGCGCCCGGGAGCTAGGGAATGCAAAGGGAGGACAGGCG 
 CCCGTGTGAGGCTTGAGAGTATACTGGAGAGGTTAGGAGGTGATGGCGGGGTAGGA 
 CGGGGAGAAGTGAGGGGGCATCGAGGGCTAGGTCCTCAGTCCTAGGGGCGGAGTAG 
 GGGAAGCTGCTACTTGGAGAGAGCTGCTAGGTTTTAAGCGCGCCCGGAAACACGCC 
 TCGCCACCACCCAGCCACCACCAACGGAAAATCTGTCAGTGCATGTAGCCCTTCCTG 
 CCACGGAGAAGGTGGCCAAGGTCTAGAGGAGGCCAGCAGGCCAGGCGAAGCAACG 
 CTCCCGCGCTGCAGGGGGCGGGGAGGCAGCGGGGAACCTGGGGCGCAGGAACGCG 
 GGCGGAGGTGCGATAGCAGAAGCGCAAATGGGTCGCCTCTGACAGAGATCGGGCAG 
 TGGGTTAAGTCCCCGTTTGTGGCGCGGAGTCAAAGAGTGTGTGTGTG 
   
 >6:73309532-73310552 (SEQ ID NO.: 77) 
 GGGCCCCTAAAGCCACTCACCTCGATTTCTGCGGATCCAAAGGTGGAAAGACACTG 
 TCCCGATCAGGAGCATCGCAAGGGTCTGGAGAAAGGGCCATCCATAAATGAAGATC 
 AGGACTCCGTATTCTGAGACTGTTTCAATCACAAATAAGACTCGGAACAGCCTCTGG 
 AAGGCCGACAGCATTTCGCGTTTCTGGCCTGGGAAAGTAAGGGTGCGCTAAGGCAC 
 GAGTAGTACAGCTCCTCCCGCCACCGCAGAGCCCGCCGGCGGGAAGAGACCAGACA 
 CCGACGGAGAAGCGAAGTTCAGGACGCGAAGGAAAGGGCCACTTCGGGTCGGGGT 
 CAACCCAGACTGGACCAATGCACAGTCTAGGTGGATTAACGCGCCACCGCGAGAAG 
 TGGGCACGGGACCACATGCGGCTGGCAAGACGTCCCAGGGCTCAAGCTCCAGGCTC 
 GGTCACCAAACAACGGTGATAACATCCACAACGCCACGTAAACCATCTTTGGGCCTT 
 GATCGTTTTCCAATAACCGACTGAACTGAGGGCGTGACCAAACGACAAGAACCGGA 
 GGAGAGGACCCGGAGAACGGAGCAGCATCCCGCCGCCCGCCTCCAGGAAAGCCCG 
 AGGCACTGTAGCAGGAGGGTCTGGGCTCCGCGCCTTAATTACACCGCCCTGGACCC 
 GCCTCTTCCGCCGCTCGCTCCTCTGACCGGCACCCGAAGGTGCTGTCCCGCCCACGG 
 ACTCGCTCACACTCCGTTTCTTCGATCCTTTAGACGACTTTTTACCGTTCAGGGATGC 
 TCTCCGTTACCGCCTCTGCCATTTGGTTGCCCTCCCTGCGGTCCAAGGGCCTGGAAC 
 ACTCCCCAGGGCTGCCAGGCCAGCGCTTTCCAGGGGCTCCAGCCTACAGCGCCGCC 
 ACCTGGGGCTGGAGCCAGAAACGCAGGGGCCGGGGGCTCACCGGCTGCCAAGTAG 
 AGGGCGTCGAAAATGGGGCTGGGTGTGTAAGAATGCTTGTGATTTTTGCACACTGAT 
 TTTGTATCC 
   
 >6:79946660-79947835 (SEQ ID NO.: 78) 
 GATGAAGGAGCTAGATAGAAGAAAAGATTAGCAGGGTTCTGTCAAAGCGACCAGG 
 AGGCTGAAGAAACCTCCTGTACCTTCAGCTGCCCCTGAAGCCCTCCTTCCTCCCCAG 
 CCCGCTCTCCATACAAAATAGGACTAAATGTTAAAAGGAATCCTGTGCACGGGGAA 
 GAGGGAGGCGAGCTCGGGAGATGTGGGAGCACAGGGTGGGGCGGCTCCTGCGAGG 
 AGCTCCTGGCTGCACAGGCTCCATCTGATATGTCAGCTCCCGCATCCGAGAGCTGAT 
 GAGAGATGGAGGGAGCTCAGAAGAAAACCCTGCGAGTGTCGGGGGAGGGGAGGCC 
 TTAACATTCGGATCAGATTAACCAGTGCTCAACCGCAGTGCCCGCGCCGGCCCCTCC 
 GCTGATCCGCAGCATCCGAAAGCCGCAGGGCGCGGGGGCCTGTGGGGCCGGGCCCG 
 GGAGCTGCGAGACCAGGGGCCGGTGACCCCCCGCGGGGGACCGAGCGAGGATGGG 
 GAAGTCAGCGGCTTTACCTGCGATGGACCAGGTCCAGCGGTAGAACTCTACCGTGTC 
 GTTGAGTGCCGTGGACACTACGTTTAGGACACTACCCGGCTCCGAGTCCAGGAGCCC 
 CATCGCGGCGATGAGCGGGCGCTGGCGGCAGGAGAAAGCGGAGACCCAGAGAGAG 
 GGCTGACCCCGGAGGCGGTGGCGGCCGACGGGGCGAGCGGCGGCCGGGAACCCCT 
 CTAACGGCGGCGGCCCGGCTGCGTCTTCTCCTGCTCCTCAAGGCGCCGCGGCGGCGG 
 GGATGCGGCAGAAGGCAGGGCCAAGCGGAAGGCGTCGTCAAGGTTCCCGGGAGAA 
 AGACGAGGAGGTGGAGGAGGCCCAGCCGCCAGCACAGTGCGCTGCACCAGTCTGCA 
 GCCTCGCGCAGCCGCCCCTCCAATCTCCTCAGCCGGCGTCACGTGGCCGCGCGCGGG 
 GGCGGGGGGCCGGCCGCCCCTCCTCCCTCCCTCCCTCCCTAGTATTGGGACTCGCTG 
 GCGTAGGGATGCTGCGCTCAAGGGTGCGACGCCAACTGGGCTCGCGCAGGCGCGCG 
 CCGTCGAGCGGGAGCGGGACACCTGGGCTCCTCCTTGGCCCCTCCCCGCACAAGTCG 
 CCTCATTAGCCTTCCCCGCCCCTGTCCCGGGCATCGGCCCCTGCGGAGGAGTTC 
   
 >6:123803435-123804335 (SEQ ID NO.: 79) 
 CAGCCCCTGCGGTCCTCAAAGTTGGCCCCCTGGGAGGGGGCGGCAGGGAGCAGGAT 
 GAAGGATTTGTTGTAGGAGGAGGATTCACACATCTGGGCGAAGGGAGGGGCAGCGC 
 CGCTGCTGGGACGCGGCGCGGACCCGCATCATTGCGCGCAGCAGCCGCTGCAGCAG 
 CCGCCGGGGACCGCGGAGCCGGGACGCCCCCGCTCGGCCCGCGCCCCGCTCCCCGC 
 CCCACCCCCGCCCGCCGGGCCCAGCAACGCAGGGTGCCTAGGAGCCGCGGGCTGCG 
 CAGGGAGGCGGGCAGCGGCCCTCGCGCGCTTCTGCCGCCCCCGGAGCCGGCGCGCG 
 GCGAGCGCAGGGCGAGCGCGCGTCGGGCGGCGGCCGCGCTGGGGGGCGTGAGGCG 
 AGCGGCGCGGAGAGCGGCAGGGGCGAAACTTCGCGGGCCAGATGCCCGAGGGCGC 
 GGCGGCGCTGCCAGGCTGCCGCTGCTGCCCCTGCGGGCCCCGAGCGCGCCTCCGCA 
 GGCGGCACTGCCCGCGGCGCGGCGTGTGCACCGAGCGAGTGAAGGTATGTGTGGCG 
 GGCGCGGCTGGAGCTGCCGCCGCCGCCGCCGCCGCGCCAGCAGGTCCTAATGCCTG 
 TCACTTCCCAGGACGCTGGCAGCAGCAGCAGCCCGGAGCCCCCGAGCCCTCGGCAG 
 GTTTGCGTGTCCTTCCCCGCGATCTGATTGGATAAAGTGGGGGCTCGACGGTGGCCG 
 ACGTGGGACAGTCTGGCTGTGGCAGGGGTCTCGGAAACCATGGGTTATTGCAGTGG 
 CAGGTGCACGCTTATCTTTATCTGTGGCATGCAACTGGTAAGTGACACTTGGGTCCC 
 CTTATTCTGTAATGTGTCTTTGAGATAGTGGGCAGGGGAGTGCAGCAAAGGGTCTGC 
 CATT 
   
 >6:163413139-163413679 (SEQ ID NO.: 80) 
 ACTGCCGACTTCTATAGATCAAGGACTTCATTGGTGCAGCTGAGGAAATTCTTCCAA 
 ACAAGTCTAAATGTTGGAAATCCACCAAACTGCAGAGAAAGACCTCTTGCCTCCGTA 
 TTCTTTCTTCATCTGTAAAAATGTTGACTTCTGCTTTTCAGACTACGCGCACAGCCTC 
 TTTATTTCCTACTGCGGCTTCATTCCCTCACGGAACACTGACGCCATCGCGAAGGAA 
 GCATTTCGAGCACGACTGACGCTCCCCTTATTATTTGCTAAGCCGCTGCGCTCGGGT 
 CTGGCTACGATTTGCTTTCAGAATAACGGGAAGGTGCAACAAGATCGCTTCCCTAGA 
 GGCGCGTCGCCCGCGTGGCCCGGACCCCCCACGCCCGCCCGCCGCCCCGTGGGTGC 
 GCACGCGTGTCCGCGCAGGCTTCCCGCCTGGCGAGTGCAAGGCTCCTCTCCGCCGTG 
 CTGCTTTCCAGCCTCTCAGCAAATCACGAACACCGAAAGAAGCCACGGCGGCGACG 
 GGAGGGGCGTCGCGCGTGCTTCCCTCGGC 
   
 >6:170736319-170736619 (SEQ ID NO.: 81) 
 TGGCTCAAAATATTCAAAATTTTTTCCAGAGTTTGGCCTTTTCTTCAGCACTGGGAAT 
 TGTGATCCAAAGCTTTTCCTGATGAGGCACAAAGTTGGAGAAACAAAACGCAAACT 
 AAGCAACAATGAAACAGAACAGAGTGAATCTGCTGTAGCTCAAGAGAGGACGTAGC 
 TGCCCCCACTCCGCATCCCCGGGCTCGGGTTTGCCTTGCTGACCTCTGCTGCCACCTG 
 GTGCCGCACAGAGAAACTGAGGAGAAACCACATCAGTCTCCTTCAGCCTCAGCTTC 
 ACATCTGTGGTGGGTCA 
   
 >7:24284003-24284543 (SEQ ID NO.: 82) 
 GGGCGGGAGGGTTGGGGTGTGGGTGGCTCCCTAAGTCGACACTCGTGCGGCTGCGG 
 TTCCAGCCCCCTCCCCCCGCCACTCAGGGGCGGGAAGTGGCGGGTGGGAGTCACCC 
 AAGCGTGACTGCCCGAGGCCCCTCCTGCCGCGGCGAGGAAGCTCCATAAAAGCCCT 
 GTCGCGACCCGCTCTCTGCACCCCATCCGCTGGCTCTCACCCCTCGGAGACGCTCGC 
 CCGACAGCATAGTACTTGCCGCCCAGCCACGCCCGCGCGCCAGCCACCGTGAGTGC 
 TACGACCCGTCTGTCTAGGGGTGGGAGCGAACGGGGCGCCCGCGAACTTGCTAGAG 
 ACGCAGCCTCCCGCTCTGTGGAGCCCTGGGGCCCTGGGATGATCGCGCTCCACTCCC 
 CAGCGGACTATGCCGGCTCCGCGCCCCGACGCGGACCAGCCCTCTTGGCGGCTAAA 
 TTCCACTTGTTCCTCTGCTCCCCTCTGATTGTCCACGGCCCTTCTCCCGGGCCCTTCCC 
 GCTGGGCGGTTCTTCTGAGTTACCTTTTAGCA 
   
 >7:26377180-26377360 (SEQ ID NO.: 83) 
 GAGGACAGAAGGGGGCGCTGCCGGGCCAGTGCGGAGGCTGCAGCCGCCCACTGCA 
 GAACGCGCCCTTGGTTGGGTCTGGCGAGCTGCCCGCGTAGTGGAGTGGTGTTAGGGC 
 TCCCAAGTAGAAAGAACCTGTTCCCTACGTAGGTGTCGGTTGTACTTAAGAGCATCA 
 TTTGGTCGCTCG 
   
 >7:27174216-27174696 (SEQ ID NO.: 84) 
 CCAAAAAAGAGTTCGCGGCGGGGCTCTCCGAGCATGACATTGTTGTGGGATAATTTG 
 GCGAAGGGAGCAGATAGCCCTTTCTGGCTGACATTTCTTGTGCAAAACATGCTGAAT 
 ACGATTAGCAATCCCCCCGCACCGCGGCGGGCGCCCGCAGCCAATCCCGAGCCAGA 
 GTTTCCGCGCGACCACTCCCAGTTTGGTTTCGTAGGCGCGGGGCCGCTCTCCGAGGG 
 CGCCCTCAGAGCCCGCGATTGATATAAATATGTAATCTGTATTGATGGGCCAGGAGA 
 CGCACCCCGACACCTTGGCCCGAAGGCCGGGAGCTGTGGGGGCTGCCCCAACGTGG 
 CTGGTGGGGGGCCTGGCCATTGGGCTCGCCCCGCCCCTACCCGGACGTGAGCCCCAT 
 ACCGGGGTCCCTTAGAAGGGCCCTTGGGCCCCGCGCAGTTAACAAGTGGGGTGTTTA 
 TGGTGCGCGCCCAGTCTGCCTTGGGTG 
   
 >7:28957467-28957647 (SEQ ID NO.: 85) 
 GAAAGCGGATCCGGTTGGACTCCAGATGTAGGTAGAGCAGGTTGCCCAAGGGAGCG 
 AAGACCGCGTCCGGCAGCGCCCCCAGGGCGTTCCCGTCCAGCCGCAGCTTGACTAG 
 ACTCTCCAGGCCCTCGAAGGAGCCGCGGCTTAGGCGGCTGATCTCGTTCCCGTTGGC 
 GTAGAGGATGCG 
   
 >7:35257235-35257535 (SEQ ID NO.: 86) 
 CCACTCTTTCAAATTCTCATTTGTAGCTCCCGGAACTCAGAAGACAGTCGACCCCCA 
 AAACTGTCCAGGAAGTAATCGGTTTCCGGCTTTTGGACAATGGTCCCTCGCTTAACG 
 AATGCTAACGAATGCTCCCTTAGCTGGGAGCTGCAGGGACCGGTCCCGGCAGGTCT 
 AACCAACCGTCCGCAGGCGCCGTGGTCGAGAGCAGAGCCGAGACGGCGGGGCAGG 
 GTGCCAAGCGGAGGGCACAGCCTGGCAGCCACCGTTGGCGGCAGGAGAGAATGGG 
 AGAAGGGAGACCCGCTTCTCA 
   
 >7:35259057-35259357 (SEQ ID NO.: 87) 
 CGGGACTATTAACCTGGAACCCCAAGAGGGGGAGAAAAGCGGACAAGGGACACGT 
 TTCCTGCTTCGAGATGAAGGTCTTGTTGGCTGGGTGCCCTGGCCTGCCCGGGCGGAC 
 GCGTGGGACCTGCGTGGATGGCGCACGCTGCAGCCAAACAGGCTGCCCGAGGGCTC 
 TTCCTGAGCGCAGTTCCTCCGGTGTTTAAAAACAAACTCAAACTAAGTGAGAGTTTC 
 TCTTTGGAATCGCTTCACTTGGGAAAATGATCCAGCCTTCCACCAGCAACTGTGCAC 
 TGTCCCCTCTGGTGACTGC 
   
 >7:50303675-50303855 (SEQ ID NO.: 88) 
 TCCAGGGACGTGAAGCTGAGCGTACAGCGGGCGCTCCCAGACACTGGGGAAAGTGC 
 TTTACGATGTCCCGAGTCCCTCCAGTCTCGCCAGCGGGGCGAGCGTGAGGGTGCCCC 
 GACCGACCAGCGGCCCCGGGTGCAGGGTGGCGGGCCCGGCGGCGCGCGTCCCCCTC 
 CCCCTCCTGGCG 
   
 >7:64889447-64889627 (SEQ ID NO.: 89) 
 CTCACCTTTCCTGGGGCTGCGTCCCCGCGGGACGCCAGGTTCCCGGTTTCTTCTAGGT 
 CGCCCTGGTTCCTGGCAGCTCCTGGTGCCACGCGGTCCTCTACGGTCTCCTCTGACCT 
 GAGAGGGACAGTGAGATGGGGCTGGCGGGGATGGGGGTCCCCGCGCTGTTGGAAA 
 GCAGCGGGGC 
   
 >7:90596855-90597335 (SEQ ID NO.: 90) 
 GTGCTAGGGACCCGGGGGAGGGCAAGGACGTAAAGGAAAGAGACCCCTCTTCCTCA 
 GGATCTGGGGGTTCATTTGTAGATTCTCTCAAGCCTACAATATGGGTTCTCCCCTCCT 
 CCGCCACTAGTGCTCGCCCTTTCGCGCGCGTGGGGGACGGGCGAGGGGACCCCTCG 
 GCCCCCACCGCGCAAGGGGCTGCGCGGCTGCTTGGGCCACTTGTTATTTTTTGCGCA 
 CAGGCTTGGATATTGGGCGTTTAGTCAGTAATTTAGCTTTGGAAATTGGTGAAACGT 
 TAGACTGTGCCCTGGTATTGTTTAACGTATCCAACCTAAAGGGAAGTGGGACAGTTA 
 CCTTGGGACCTATTGTTCGGTACTTCGGGTCCTGGAAAGCGAGATTTGGGTGTTCAG 
 TCTCGAGGTCTCTGAATCTTCCCGCTGCTGGAGAGAAATGCGCGCTGTGGAGTTGTC 
 TGGACATTTAGGAATGTCTCTCGAAC 
   
 >7:93890873-93891053 (SEQ ID NO.: 91) 
 CTGCAAACTGTGTAAGAGGGAGAGGAATTCCCCGCCAAGTTGAAAAGTTGAACCTG 
 CCTCCCAAACTTTCTCCTGTAGTCCAGACGGGGACGCCCTGAGGGAGCGTTTGTGTC 
 AGTAATGGGAAATCTGCAAGCTAGACGGAAATGACCTGCTAGTGATTGCGCTGTAA 
 AGAAGCCGGAAT 
   
 >7:96997902-96999222 (SEQ ID NO.: 92) 
 CTAGAACCCTAAAAACTCCTTTGGCCTCCAGAAAGACCCCGGTGCAGCTCTCTACCC 
 TAACCCCTAAGCCCCTCTCAAGTGAGAGCCTCTCAGTTAGTACTCAGTTGCCACGTC 
 TCGCAGGAACTTTGGAGCAAGTTTTCAGCTCCCAGGTGTCCAACCTTTAAAAGGAAA 
 AGCATAATAATACTAACCTTTCTTTCACGACCACGCGAAACGCAAAGGATGTGGAGT 
 GGGGAGGGGAGGAAAAAAAAAGGGGCGGCCAGCCAAATCAAAGCTTGGGAGACAT 
 TTTGACAGTGCGCTTGAAATAATGCTCTTAATTTTTGGAAGGTTTTCAAGAAGGGGG 
 TGGGGGGCACGTGGGAGAACCACAACTTTCTCCTGTCTGTCACTCAAGCGGCCAGA 
 GAGGGCTCCAACCTCCAGCTCCCGCGGCAACACACAGTGGGAAATTGCTTCAAGAT 
 ACAGTGGGGCTCTATTCTTTCTCTACCCCTGCCCCGCCTTTCCCGAGCAGTGAACTTC 
 ACAGAGAGGGTGGTAAGGGAGGGTTATCCTGGGTGTCAAAAATCTGTGCATAGCCT 
 GAGATCAGAAGAGTTAACCCCAGGCCCTAGACCCAGCCCAGCGGCCAAACTGGCAC 
 CCCGTGCTGATCAGCCCCCGCATCCCCATATCTGCATCCCCATATCTACCTCCCCAGT 
 CGGGGGTGGTGAGGTTTGGGGGAGGGGGGCGACACTACCATATGCATCCACCACCT 
 AAGTCCAGCCCAGGCTGGCTTCAATGAAAGCTGGCAAATCCGGCGAATCTCGCAGA 
 AATTTTCTTCGAACTTAATTCAATTTTAAAGTGGATTTTTACTATTAAAAACGCTGCC 
 GAGCAACACATTGAATTAATCTGACTGTACGGTTTTAATTACAGTGAGGGTTTCTCT 
 ACAAATCTGTACAAGACAGTGGCTGGTTCTTGGAGGATCTCTGCCTCCTGAATTCCA 
 TTATCGGGCCCCTGGTTCCCTGCAGACGGCAGCTCGTGGGAGCCAGCTGCGGTGCGA 
 GCGTTCAGTCGCCCTCTGCTTCTGCCGGGCCTCCTGGCTCCTGTCCCTCCTCCCTTCC 
 TTCATCCCAGCCCCATGGAGAGCCCAGGATTCCTGCCTGTCATTTGAGACTGCTGAA 
 CTGATATCCTGAAACGCTACCCTTGCTTTTTAAACTCTTGGGCCCCAGACTTTTGAGC 
 CCCCTGAGCATCGTTCTTAAAGTGGCTCGTTTTGTCTGGGAGGGTGACCTCTTGTGTA 
 GTGTTTTTTGAAGGGTTCTCCTGCTTCGACTTAGCAGCTGTTAGAGTGGGCAGCGTG 
 ATGCCCAGTCTG 
   
 >7:97020672-97021092 (SEQ ID NO.: 93) 
 TATGATTTTCTAGAACAGCAAAACACAGTAGTCCCAAAAAAGAGAGTAAGAGAGAG 
 CAGCCCATCTAATAGAGTGTCCCGGAGGCCAGCGCCAGCGGGTGCTGTAAGGAGCC 
 CGGCGGCGGCAGGTGGGAATTGATTGAGCTGGCTGCACTTGTGTACCAGGATGCAG 
 AGTTCTCCAGGTAGCTGGACGCTGGGGACTGGTTGGAGGTCGGAGGGTGGGCATGA 
 GGGTGGTGGCTGAGCGAGCGGGACGAGCCCTGGGGCTCCCACACCGCTGGAGACTG 
 CGGCGAGTTACACGCCATTGGGTCGCTGGAGCTGGGACTGTGCTCCGGGGGCATCTC 
 CCCGTTTTTCATGATCTTCTTGATCTTGGATCTTTTGTTCTGAAACCAGATTTTCACCT 
 GAGTTGGGGAACAAAGGCACACGTT 
   
 >7:103988969-103989749 (SEQ ID NO.: 94) 
 CTCCACTAACTTTATTCTCGCTCCCTGGACCAAGCGCATCGCTGGGGCCAGGGTTGT 
 CATGGTTCTTGTTTCCAAGGCCCCTTGGAAGAAGGAAAGGGATGAGAAAGGTGCGC 
 TGGCGGGCGCACCCGGCGGCGGCGAGCGCGGAGGTGCTGCGGTACCTACCATGGTA 
 TTCTTGTCCCGGAACGTAGTAGGTGGGGTTGCCCGCAATATGCAGGGAAATGAGCA 
 CCTCGCCCTGCTCCCCATCCCCTTCCAGCTCCCCGTGGTGGGTGCACAGGAAAAAGA 
 AGGGCGAAAAGCGGGGGTAATAGCCAGCCGCCGCGCGCGCCCTCAGCGTCGCCCCC 
 AGCAACAGCGCTAGGAGGAAAGTCTGCCGGGCCCAGCCACTGCGCTCCATGCCGCC 
 GCCGCCGCCGCCGCCGCCGCGCGCCCTACGCGCCGCTCGCTCATTCAGTTTTGGAGA 
 CGCCGGGACGGAGGAGCCACGCGGAGAGAAGGCGAGAAGAAGGCGGACGGGAGC 
 GGAACGGGCTCGGGAGCGGGCCTGGGAGCGGGCCCCCGCCGAGAAGTTCCGCGGG 
 AGACGGCGGCTCCCAAAGTTACTTTGGGCCGCGGGAGCGCGGGACCGGGGCTGCGG 
 GCGCCGAGAGCGCGTCGTCTGCCGCCTCCGTGCGCCGCCGCCGCCTCTGCGCGACGC 
 CCCTCGGCCAGGCCTGGGAAAGCGCCCGCCCCGCTCCACACCTTCTTAAAGCCCCGG 
 GCGCCGCGTCCCCCCCGCCGCCGCCACACGTGTCCCGGCCGCTCCCCCGCC 
   
 >7:107660513-107660693 (SEQ ID NO.: 95) 
 GGGCTCTGCTCTTCTTTAAGGAGTCCCACAGGGCCTGGCCCGCCCCTGACCTCGCAA 
 CCCTTGAGATTAGTAACGGGATGAGTGAGGATCCGGGTGGCCCCTGCGTGGCAGCC 
 AGTAAGAGTCTCAGCCTTCCCGGTTCGGGAAAGGGGAAGAATGCAGGAGGGGTAGG 
 ATTTCTTTCCTG 
   
 >7:122300668-122301028 (SEQ ID NO.: 96) 
 CTAATTACCCCTCTTAATTAAAGTCTTTAGCAGTTGTTTCATTGTTTTGGCAAGAAAA 
 CAGGAGAGACGTGCAGTTAGAAACACCAGAGCCCGAGCTCACAGCGGAGCCGCTG 
 ATTAACACTTGAAGCATTTCAAGGACCTGGCACCCGCCACAGTTTGGTTTTCATCCA 
 TGTTTCCTCCTTGAATGGAAGTATATTCGTCTATAAACATACATACACATGTAAAAA 
 CACGGAGGCTCCGTTTGCCAGCTGTGTACAAGTCAGTATGTGCCGTCAGGATGCAAA 
 CAATAGATACCTGTCTATCTATGATTGTAATGCGTTTGAGGAGATGTACATTGCATA 
 CAGCTACTGGATACGTTGTT 
   
 >7:134458200-134459460 (SEQ ID NO.: 97) 
 ATGTTTCATGTCCTATTGTCATTCTCATCCGGCTAGGCACTTCTCGGGGACGCTGTGT 
 GGTGTTGAGGTTTTACAGGGAAAATGCTAACCTTGGCGCCTCCTGAATTATCAACTA 
 GCTACGGGGTGCCCAGATTTTTCTCCCGAGTTCCAGACCCAGGGCACCCCGAGGCGG 
 CGCCTGGCCGAGGAGCTCCGCACTGCGCCTTGTTAACAGCTGGGTCCGGGCAAACTC 
 GCGCCACCTAATTCTCTGCCCTCTACCGGCTTGAGATGCTTATTCCTCAGGGAGGGC 
 AAGAATCGAAACGATTGAGACCAACTATTTACAAGTGAGGCAACCGGGCTACAGGT 
 GCCTCGAGGGAAAGGAGGCTGGGTCTGCGCTCCCACACCTTGCCGACGGCTCCACG 
 TCCCTGTCTGCGCCCGAGGTCCACCGGTCTGTGAAGCCCACTTTCCCCGCCTCCCTCT 
 CGCGTTGTGCCGCTTGGGGCGCCCGCTAGGACCCAAAATGCGGACTGGTGGGCCGC 
 CCATCAAGGGTTGCCCGCGGTAGGGCGGGGGCTCCCGTGAGCTGCTCCCAAACCCC 
 ACTCGCAGGATGCTGCCCTGACGCCCAGGGCCAACCCGGGGAGCCAAGGCCCCCGG 
 TCTCTGCAAGGCCGACCCCAGCCCGCTGGGGACCCTGCAAGCCCGCGCGTGGCTCCC 
 AGCACGCCGGGCGTCCGCGGGGCGAGCTGCTCAGGGTCACTCGGGGTCCCTCGCCA 
 ATACAGGCCGCGCGGAGAGTGTGAGGCGAGCCCCGGGCCCGCGCCCCCACGAGCAC 
 CTACCTTCCAGGTACCCAACCCCAGGATGGGCATCTTGGCGCCGTTGTTGAGCAGGA 
 GACGGCTTGCCATGGCTGCTGCGCTCCCCAGACCCCCGCCCAGTACGGTGCGGCCTT 
 GGCCGCGGCGCGTACCTTTAAATAGCCCGTGAGGTCGGCAGAAAGGGCGCCTGCGG 
 TTGGCGCGCCGCTGCGCGAAGGAGCCTTCTGATTGGTTGCGCTGGGGGTGCCGCGGC 
 GGCCTTCCCCAAGGGTCGGCGGGGATGCTTCTTCCGCCTGGTCCTAGTGGCAGCGGA 
 TTCTTTCCGCCCCCAACGCTCGCCCGCGCCCCGCGTGGCAGAAAGGAGTTCCTCAGC 
 TGCTGTATCTGGTGGGAAAGCGAATGCTTTAGCGAAAATAACAGGCATCCCATAAA 
 TACATAGACTAGAAATAAGTTTTGGTTTCATTAAGAGCCCAGAAGAATGCCTTTGTT 
 GTCCAACCCCAGTT 
   
 >7:139434580-139434880 (SEQ ID NO.: 98) 
 TTGCAGCCTGTTCCTGTTTTTTAAAAGTATTTATAAAAGCTGAATGTCAATTTTCTAC 
 TTAGAGTTATAAATAGAAGCAGATGCTCTGGTTTGTTGATCAGCACGCTGTGTTCTT 
 ACAGGGGAAGTCAAAGAATCCGAAGTGTGCTTGGAGCATAGAACTAGCGCAAGAG 
 GGCGCTAGTGAGGCGGTGCGGCGCGGGCGGCCAGGAGCTAGGGTTTGAAAACAGAC 
 TTCGGTTTGAGCCCTGAATCTGCCACTTAGAAGCTGTGTGCCCTTGGGAAGCGATAA 
 TAATACATTTACCAAAGT 
   
 >7:141072108-141073057 (SEQ ID NO.: 99) 
 ACTCCGCAGCCGCTCTCAGCTCAGTCCTAGGTGGAAACGCCTGTAGCTTGCAAGGTA 
 GCGCCTGTGGCTTTCTGGGGAAAAAAAGATCAAATGCCTCCCAAGACACCAGCGAC 
 CCAAACCGGGGATGCAGGGAGCTCGCTTGGCCCCTTTGAAGGCCGACTCCGCAATA 
 AGCAGTTTTTCCTTTAAATAACCGTAGTGGATTTGAGAGAATTTTCCATGGCTGAAA 
 AGAGAAACAGGAGCTGTAGGCAACATCCCTAAATTTATAATAATGCATGTAAACAT 
 GCTACATACCACATATATGTATATGTGCATAAATATGGATGTGGTTGGGCACATACC 
 TATCTAGACACCATTGACTTGCCTGGTCAAAGAATAAGACTTAGACATTTCGTGCCT 
 GGGAAATGGTGCAGTTTATCTTTAAGGAGACTAGAAAAATAAGAGATGAGGCTCAC 
 GTTGCACGGATGACATCACTAGCTTTTGGCTGCGCGCTCGGTGTTCTCGTCTGTGGGT 
 TTTAGCCAAGGCTGCAGCTACCCGCGCCGGACGAGAGAGCGCGGCAGCAGCTTCCT 
 CCGGCGCCCGCACCCGGGCAATGCGATTTCCCCAGTCCCCTGGGCGCAGCCTGGGCT 
 CTCGCGCCTCCCGGGCACCAGCCGAGCCTGCGAGGCCTCGGAGCCGCCGCGGCTAG 
 AGGAGGAGGCGACGAGGGGAAGCCGAGTGACCCAGCCTCCCTCCCCCACCCTCTCC 
 CCATTCATCTCGGCGACCACCGCGCGCCGGGAGCCGGATCGTGGGACGCCGAGGCC 
 AGGACGGGATTCTCTGCACGCTGTCGAGTGAGCCGGCATCTCGGCGCCCGGGTGGG 
 CTGCGAAGAAAATGGTGCAATCTGAGAGCGACTGAGCCCAGCTGGGCAGAGCAGAC 
 GGGGTGCCAGAGTGCCAAGGGCTCAGGTGCCTGGAGAAAGGGGCGGA 
   
 >7:143345452-143345795 (SEQ ID NO.: 100) 
 GGAGTGCGGAGCGCGGTGGTGCGAGAGGGCTTGGAGGGGGCGCTCAGGCAGGGCG 
 TGGGTTTCCCTCAGATTCAATGATCCTGCTGGGCTCGGTGGAGCGGTCGGAACTGCA 
 GGCCCTCCTGCAGCGCCACCTGTGTCCTGAGCGCAGGCTGCGCGCAGCCCAAGAGA 
 TGGCGCGGAAGTTGTCGGAGCTGCCTTACGACGGGAAGGCGCGGCTGGCTGGGGAG 
 GGGCTCCCCGGCGCGCCTCCAGGCCGGCCCGAGTCCTTCGCCTTTGTGGATGAGGAT 
 GAGGACGAAGACCTCTCTGGCAAGAGCGAGGTGACCGCGCCGGGAAGGGCTAGGG 
 AGTGGGAT 
   
 >7:157336263-157336683 (SEQ ID NO.: 101) 
 GGGATGACCTAAAGTCCAGCTATCAAAATGCGCCGCGTTTTCAGAAAAACTACTGCC 
 ACGATTTAACCTAAAAAGCTTCATCTGTATTTTCTGCCACAGTTTGCTTCCGTTTCCT 
 TCAGTCACTATTCCCTGGCGAAGTCTCCACGCGCTCCCGTTCGCCGGGGAACTTAGG 
 GTATCCGGGCTTCCCTAAATTGACAAGCGGGGGCCGGCGCCTTCGCCCGCCTTCGCT 
 GGCCGCCGCTTGGTTTGTTCTTCTTCTCCTTCGGGGACTTCTCCGCCCGCGCCCGCGC 
 CCGCGCCCCAGCTTTCGTCCCGCTGTGCGGAGATGCCACCCAGCTCCACCGCAGGAC 
 CGCGGAGCGAGAGGCGGCAGACGCGCTCCGGGGGCCGCCGGTCAAGAGGAAGATG 
 AAGGGCGCGACGACTTCGCGGT 
   
 >8:23163898-23164198 (SEQ ID NO.: 102) 
 CTCGAGGCGGTCGGGACGCTTTGTCCCCAAAGTCCCATGAGAAGGGAGGAGGGTGG 
 ATCGAAAGCGCCAAAAATCAATCAGAAATCGTCCCCGTAGTTTGTGCGCGTGCAAA 
 GGTTCTCGCAGCTACACTGCCAGAATAGAACGTGCTCCTCCGCTTTTATACCCCGGA 
 AAAAAGGCGTGGTCAGTTGTACTCCCTTCCCGCAGTCACTTCCAGGCACTCAGGCTG 
 GGTCTCCCCCAGCACCTCCAGGAGGGCCCAGGTTGTGTGGGTGGGTGCATGGACGG 
 ACAGGAACTGGCTCTTTCC 
   
 >8:39107409-39107589 (SEQ ID NO.: 103) 
 GGTGCAGGAGAGCACACGCTGACTGTGAATAAGTGTGTCAGTTCTTAAGGTCCAGC 
 AACACAAAGCGAAAAGTTAGTGGAGGACTACGAGCGCGATCTCGACAGAGGGCGCT 
 GGGTGGTCAGTGGCTCCAGCAACCACGCGGCTGGGGTGCGCCGGGAAGGGAGCTGG 
 ATGTTTTAGCCTC 
   
 >8:41828830-41829010 (SEQ ID NO.: 104) 
 GGGCCTGGGAGGCTGCGCCTTCTTCCCGCGAATCCCGAAAACTGCGCGGCAAAGGC 
 GGGTTCCGCAGAAGTCGCGCGTGACCCGGGGCGCCGCCCTCCTCGGGGCCCATTCG 
 GATCTGCCGCCCGTCCTCTCCAGAGCGCCCCCTGGCGCCCTCTAGGCCATCTTGATT 
 CCACCGCCGCAG 
   
 >8:52564305-52566225 (SEQ ID NO.: 105) 
 CGTGTCCTGCCCTCCTCCCTCCAGCGCTGCCCCAAGTGCCCGGCCGCCCCCTCGGAC 
 CTCCTTTTCCAGGGGCTTTTCCGTGTTCCCCGTATTCACACGACTTCTCTGCCTGTGG 
 ATGTCTCATGACCCTCTAGAGCAGCGACTTTTTCCTCCCTCATTCCTTCCACTCCCCT 
 CGGGCATCTAAGTAGCAGGAACCTGACTGTCCAAAGTTGATTTGGGAGCAGCCGGC 
 TGCCCTTCTAAAATGATCTAGGAAAGGTGCCAGTAACATAAGCCGCCGCCTGCTGAA 
 ACTGGCGCTTCCTCAGCCACTCGCTGCGGCCAGCGTGAAAGGGGAGGGGAAAGGGG 
 CATTCCTGGCACGGTCAGGTGTCTACGGACAGCAATCTTAGTTAATTCTCAAAACCC 
 CGGAAGATCCAGAAATGGGGTGCTGACAGGGACCTAACCTGTCCACCACCCCTCGG 
 TCGGTGGGACTGAAACCCATGTCTTTGAGCTGCTTTACCAGTTTATTTCCAAAAAGT 
 CCTCCTACACCTGGGAAGGGACATAGAAAGCTGATCCCATTGCCAGCCGGATTTCTT 
 TACTTAACTCTCAACCGTGGTAAATCTAATTCGCTTACGACCTCTTTCCGAGAGCTGG 
 GAATCTGCAGAGATGCTCTGTTTTCTGCTGTACTAATCTCAGGCTTCCCAAAGCGAG 
 TGCCTCGCCCAGCTCCTAGGGGAATCCACGGAGCCCCAGGCGCAGGGCAAAGGATG 
 GGGCGGGATGGGGACATCGTACCTGCGCTCCGGGAGCCGCTGGGAGTCCGGCCGGC 
 CCCGGCCGCGGGGAGGAAAAGCAACGGCTTGGGCTCCTTATCCGTGACGCGCGCTC 
 CCCTGCGCCCCCGGGGCCTCCCGTGGGCTCCGTGCGGGGACAAAGCCAGCGCCAGC 
 AGGAAGAGTGCGGGCAAAGGGGCGCCGGGCTTAAGGGGCCGCATGTTCGCAAGCC 
 GGGAGGAGAGAGCGGGAGACTCCGGGAGGATCCCGACGCAGGTCCGGAGGGTGCG 
 CGGCCCAAGAGAAGGCCAGCGGGACCACAGCGCGGCTACGCGGCCGGCCGCAGTCT 
 TCACCGCGCGCCTGCCCTTGTCTACGTCCCGGGGGTCGGCTGGAGCTGCACTGGGAC 
 TCGGTCCTCAGTGTGCCGAAGCCTAAGCGCTGCGGGGCGCGGGGCGGGAACGGGAG 
 GCGGTGCCTGGGGCCACGGGGTCGTCCCCCAGGATGAGGGCGTGTCCCAGCGCGCG 
 GGACCCTCGGAAGTCCGCGCTGGGCCGGGCGGGCACCAGCCTCGGACTCAGCGGGT 
 CTCAGGGCTCCCTGCGCAACGCCTGCCTCGGATCCGGACCCCGGGCTCGCTCTCTGG 
 TCGCCGTCCCCGGGAGGACCCAGTAGGGTAACTGCCGCGTCGCCCCGGCGGTTCTCC 
 CTGGGCTCTGTCTCCCGCCGCCTCCACCCCCCGAGCCTCGGGGTCCGTCACGGCTTC 
 CCCTGGCTGGCGGGGTCAGTAGAACCCGCGGCGCCTAGGTCCGGACGGAAAAAAGC 
 AGGGCCGGGGTGCGGCCTGGATGAGCGGAGATCTCCGCGCCTTGGGCTCAAAGGTG 
 CGGGGTGCGCTCTGCTGCCGAGCCCCTGCTCGCTCAGGAACACTGGCCACGCCGTCA 
 CGCCAGCCGCCCCTGCCCCAGGTCTGGAGGCCCGACCTGCTCTCCTAGGCGCAGCAC 
 CGCGTTCTCTTCCGCGTGGGGGAGCGGCGGGCGGAAGAGGTCTGGGGCTGGGCACC 
 GGGGACACGCGCCCAGCTCCCCTGGCCTCCCTGGGGGGAGTGGCCGGTTTCAGTGCT 
 TCCCCAGGTGAAATCGCCAAGGTTGACCAGTGCGCCCAAAAAAGCAGCCGGCTGGA 
 TTTTTCTTCAAATTAGGGAACTCTTATAAAGAGTTTTAGTGTTAACAACTTAAAAA 
   
 >8:69994687-69995047 (SEQ ID NO.: 106) 
 CCCTGTGTGAACCAACGGGCGGGCAAGGCGCTGCAGGGAGGGACTCCAAAGACAC 
 ACGCGCGCAGCCCTCCTCCCGCCCGCAGCCCTTCAGCTGCTACAGTGGCCACAGCTA 
 TTCCGAGGTCTATTCCGGCCTCGCCGCCGTGGCGAGGCTTGCGCATGCGCACTGGGC 
 GCCTGAATAATGGCTCAGGCGCCGGCCCTGCCTGCGTTGCCCGCAGGCCGGAGTCCC 
 CCACCCTGCTGCGGGTTTATCGCTCCAGCTCATGCTCATACTCCTTTGTACCATGGGA 
 TTTTACTTACAAAACAAGTTCAACGATAAAATAATTAAGAATTTTAGGAGTGCAGGG 
 GCCGGGCGCGGTGGCTCACG 
   
 >8:72004794-72005334 (SEQ ID NO.: 107) 
 ATACCCCATAAATACTGATTGGCTATTACGCGCATAACGTGAGATCAAAAGGAGTTC 
 CTACAAAGACCCTTAAATCCTCCAGACTTCTTAAGCTTAGGAAAGATTTTTGCTTGG 
 TTTTCGGTTTTCTTTTTCTTATTTTGAGCAGCAGACCAGCGTGACTCCACAGTTTCAA 
 AGAGCAAGCGTCTATATTTGTGTGACCCGGGGCCGAGCTGGGGAAGGGGAAGCAGA 
 GCAGCGCTGACGCAGTCAGGTCCCTGGTGCAGGTGCCAGCTCCCCACAGCGCGCCG 
 AACTCCCCAGTATGAGCGAACCTCAAGTCACTGCCCTCGCGCTTGTCGAGCGAACTC 
 TCAAGGCTTGCAGGTCGTCTCCAGGAGTCAGAGAGGTCCGGACTCCGGGGATTCCTG 
 CTCCGCGGAGAACTGGGGAGCCCCCGTTCCTGTGCCACTCTCAGGTGGGGTGACTTT 
 GGGCTCTGGGAAGGAGAGCTGTGTCCGTGTCACGAGGGGGCCCCGGCAGGTGGCGA 
 GCAGCACCGAAGCGCGGGCCAGGACGCTCG 
   
 >8:96145538-96145718 (SEQ ID NO.: 108) 
 AATAATTACAGTCAGTTTCACTTAAGGGGGAGATCAGCCCGGTGCTCTTCGGCCGCC 
 CCGGGAGGAAAAGGGCGGGGAGTGGGGGCAGGTCGGCCGGGCAGTCCAGCTTGCC 
 CGGCCCAGGGCCTGACCACCCCGGCTCCCCATCTGGCTGGTGCATGGCGCGGGGAA 
 GGGGGCGCGCCAG 
   
 >8:98951181-98951931 (SEQ ID NO.: 109) 
 GAATGTTGTTCCTTAAGAGAGGATTAGAGTTTTTCCTTCCCCCTTTTCCTGCCTATGA 
 CATGGTGATGAAATGTGAAGAGCTGGAAATCACAAAGCCCACCGAGGTGGCTGCGG 
 GTCTGCCTCCGAAGTTATCAGTGTAATCGGGCCTCTGTGTATGCCTGCACGTGTATTT 
 TCATGATTGGAAGATTAGGAGCACGGATTTGTTCCTGCAAGTCTCCTCTTTTGTTGTC 
 ATGAGAGTGTTATGTTAACGCTTGTGATAACGATAAGACAGAAACTATTGAAAAGG 
 GTGCAGTGGTGGTGTGAAGGATTAATCCTTTGCTTGCTTCACATCTGAACAGGAATC 
 TCCACACAAATGTCCCACATGTGGAAGAACCTTTAATCAGAGAAGTAATCTGAAAA 
 CTCACCTTCTCACCCATACAGACATCAAGCCCTACAGCTGCGAGCAGTGCGGCAAA 
 GTGTTCAGGCGAAACTGTGATCTGCGGCGGCACAGCCTGACTCACACCCCGCGGCA 
 GGACTTCTAGAGAAGCCCAGGATCTGTCCCGTGCCGCCGCTGCTCCCCTCCCCAGAC 
 ACCTCTCCACGTCTCCTACCCAGGGGGTCGCATCCCTAGCCCTTCACTGACCCCAGC 
 TCTTCCCTTGCTGCAGCCGCACCTGCAGCTCCAGGGAGTTAACTCTTCTTCTGGGGG 
 ACTGAGAACTGTAGAAAGCCACACACTACTACATCCCTTCACAAAGAGTATATGCTA 
 GTTTCTTGTAGA 
   
 >8:103371382-103371833 (SEQ ID NO.: 110) 
 TGACAGGCCGAGCGACTGCAGTAGGAGGGGGCGGGCCCGGCTCTCGGTCCGCCCCC 
 ACGCCGGGCTCGGGGTGGGGGCTCGGGGCCTATTACGGGATGGAAGCTCCGGGTGT 
 CGCGGGGGCGGGAGGAATTAAGGGAGGGAGAGAGGCGCGCGGGTGAAAGGCGCAT 
 TGATGCAGCCTGCGGCGGCCTCGGAGCGCGGCGGAGCCAGACGCTGACCACGTTCC 
 TCTCCTCGGTCTCCTCCGCCTCCAGCTCCGCGCTGCCCGGCAGCCGGGAGCCATGCG 
 ACCCCAGGGCCCCGCCGCCTCCCCGCAGCGGCTCCGCGGCCTCCTGCTGCTCCTGCT 
 GCTGCAGCTGCCCGCGCCGTCGAGCGCCTCTGAGATCCCCAAGGGGAAGCAAAAGG 
 CGCAGCTCCGGCAGAGGGAGGTGGTGGACCTGGTGAGTCCGAGGGAGCCGAGCCG 
 GGAC 
   
 >8:104367291-104367591 (SEQ ID NO.: 111) 
 TCAGAGGATTGTAAACCACTTAAGAAAAGGAAACAGAACTTGGGGAGGCGGTGGCG 
 GCGAGAGTAAACAACTCCCAGGGGGCCCGTCTGCAGCGCCTAGGGGAGGGGAGAG 
 GCCGGGAGCCGCCTCCGGGGGTCTCGCGGGGCCGCCGCTGGGACAGATGAGTCGGA 
 GACAGGCCAAGCCGGAACCTCGCTGGGTAAGGAACAGGACCGGAGCGCGCTCCGG 
 GTGGGAGAGGCTTGCGCTCCTGCAGCCCCTTCCCAGGGCCTGCGCTGACTCATGGCG 
 CGCACTGGAGCCCCTGCAGTCG 
   
 >8:108082141-108082671 (SEQ ID NO.: 112) 
 ATGAGCTACAGGGAAGATGGTTAGGAGGACAGAGAGAAGAACAACGACGACAAAA 
 AAAAAATGCATGTCAGATAAGAAATACGTCCTAAAGAGACAAGTTTAGATGAGGAG 
 GTGGGGCGGCGAACATGAGTGCGGACCGCACGACTTAGCCCTGAGCGCCCGATTGG 
 CGCCCGGCTCGCCGAGCTCCCAGCGCGTCTCGCTCCGGCTCCCCGCGCCTCCAGGGT 
 ACAGAAAACAGAGTGTTTTGTAGAGCTCCAGGGTCCTAAAGGTGGGGACTGGGGAC 
 CCGCAAAAGCTGGGGTGGAGAGCACAGCCCTGACCATCTGAGCCCCCGGAGCCAGG 
 GCGTGAGTGAGCGCCTCCACACGCCACCCCTGAAGCCCACCACGCACCTTTGGCAG 
 AGAGGGACCCACCTCGCTTACTGCGTCTCCATCGGTTGCCTTGGCAGTGGCTGTAAT 
 CCATGCAGTTCAGAATGATGAGGGCAAAGGAGAAAAGGCGAAACTGCATCTGGGCG 
 GTCGGGCGGGGGAGAGACGCCTCTCA 
   
 >8:126556342-126556522 (SEQ ID NO.: 113) 
 GGAATCCCAGATGGGGCCCAGACAGTGGCAAAAGAGGGAGGAAGAGAGGGAGAAA 
 GGGAGCAGCGGCTGCTACTGCAAACAGTTCCCCTTCGCAGCTCTGCGCTCAGCTCGC 
 CCATCAGTGTGCCACTGCCTCTCCGTCCTCCTCCTCGGAGCTGGGCGCAGGGGGGCG 
 CCCGGGAGGCGG 
   
 >9:23824147-23824447 (SEQ ID NO.: 114) 
 CGGTAATTACGAGAAAATACCCAGTCTCGCCATCAGTTTTGCTAACCGGTACTTGAA 
 AATGGGAAACGGGGAACTTATCCAACCTCCAATTTGTCACAGTTGTATAGCTTTCGT 
 ATTAATTCTGTACAGACGTGAAATAGGTGGGTACGTAGCAACGTGCTGGGCATAAA 
 TTAAGCAACAATGGCCACGCGAGGTCTCGTCCGCCGCGGAGCTCCAGTGGTGGGCA 
 CTGCCACCTTGCCATCCCTAGCCCCCACCGCCCTTCGCAGAGTCCAGTCCGGGAGGC 
 TGACGGTGCGCTGGCTTT 
   
 >9:109639950-109640490 (SEQ ID NO.: 115) 
 CAGGACACCTGGATGACAACCAGGTCCCTGCTCTGGAAACCGTTAGGAGTAGAGGA 
 TTCTCAGAGGGGGTGGAGGCAGGGTGTGCGTACTCCAGGTGGCTTATTACCGCGGG 
 GCCGGGGCCGTGGTAATTTGGGAAACCATAGTCAATATAGCTATTGTTTTCAAATAG 
 CAGACTAGGGAAACTGACCCTGGACAATGTCTTCCTGGCAGGCGGGAACACGCAGA 
 ATTTGGAGTGAAACGGAAAGGGGCATGGGGTCGCCAAGGTGGTGAAACGCCGCATT 
 AAGGCGCTTCAAGATAGCTGGAGTTTTGCTTGGGAAACTCAGAGGGATCTCGCCCG 
 GCCGGCACAATGGCGTTTCTGAACCCATGCCCAGCCCACTGGGGGCAGTCCTTGCTG 
 CTTGCAGAGGCCAGACGCTTCTTGCAACTTCTAAGCGGCGAGAGCTGCCACCTTGCC 
 AATGACTCAACCGTTTGCCTATGCCCTCTGGGCTGTGCCACCAGCCGCAGCCGCCCT 
 GCTCCCCCACCCACCCTTCTCCCCAGGCTCCGC 
   
 >9:109640702-109641422 (SEQ ID NO.: 116) 
 ATTCACTTTCAACCCTCCAGGGGAGGAGGGGGTGCGGGTGGGGAGGGGAGACGGCT 
 CCCAGCTCCACCTCGCGCGCGGCGCGGCCAGTGCACTCGGCTCCGGGAGAGGCGAG 
 CAGCGCCGGTGAGCCCCGCAGCAGCGCACCCGGCCGCGGAGCCCCGCGATGGAGTG 
 AGTATCCCCGAGCCGCGCCGCCAGCTGCTCTCCTCTCGGCATGTTGCCATGGTGACC 
 GCGGCGGCAGGCAGATCCCGCTCGGGTCCGCGTCCAGGATGGGTGTTTAATTTCAGC 
 CCCGTGTGTACGCCTGGTGTTTCTATAGCAGCCGCCGCGGCGGCAGGAGGCAAGGG 
 GTGGGAGCCCCGGGTGGCGTGGTTTTTGCGGCTGCCCCTTGGCTAGCAGGGCCTGGG 
 GGGCGAGTGAGGGGAGTAGATGATGTTGCTAAGGACGGAGGCATATTCTAGGCTTT 
 CCTATCTCTGCCCCAAGCTTCCGCTTATCGGGGAGTTGGCCGCAATAGCCATGACTT 
 CCGATTCCTAACCATGTCAGCATTATTGGACTGCAGTTAAAAAAAGAGGGAGGGGG 
 TCACTGCGGATCGGAAGCAAACGCGGTTCAGTGTGAAGCGTGTAATGGAAGGATGA 
 GTTAGTGGGTAATATGAGCCAGGGCTGCAATGTCCTGGCTACTAGAAACCATCAGA 
 AGACCCAAAAGAATTGATTTGTTCCTGGGGTATTGGAGAAATAAG 
   
 >9:114387376-114388005 (SEQ ID NO.: 117) 
 AAGAGCTGAGCTGGGTCTGCTGGTCCTCGGACTGTCCTTGGCTCCTCTCCTTGCTCTT 
 ACGCAGCTGGCATAAGGGGCCACTCCTTCAATAGGGACCACCCCCCGGCGCCGTCG 
 CTGCCTCCTGGCCTGCTGCCCATGCCTGCATCGTCTCTGAGACCCCTTAGCAACCAA 
 GGACACTAACTCTCCAGGTGCAGACGACGACACCCCAGGCACAGAGATGGACCCGC 
 CTACCCAAGTTCACAAGAGATCAGAATCAGAGCTAGGACTGGAATCTAGCATCCTG 
 AGGCTTGACGAAATCCTCCTTAAATCCACCCTTGCCCTGGAGGCCGGGATCCCCTAA 
 GCCAAGAGAAAAGCGGTGCAGCTCCAGCAGCTGCAACTTCCTGGCTGGGCTGGTCC 
 GGCTGCCTGGACTGTCCCGGAGAGTCTGTGACTGGCCCGTCCAGAAGGAAAGCGGC 
 CTCCCGGGCCCTCCTCCGTTCCAATCCCTTACCTCTCTCGGGCTCCACCACCGTCCTG 
 CCGACCCAGTTTCAGGGGACCTGCCTGTGAATTCTTTGTTCCAAACCCAGGGAGCCC 
 CCTGTCTCCATTGCGCCCTGGCCCACCTCCAGGCCGTTCTGCCAGCCCAAGCTGCTG 
 CTCACA 
   
 >9:120869156-120869336 (SEQ ID NO.: 118) 
 CGGGGGGCCCTGACCCCCTGCCTTACTCTCCGGGCCCGCCGCAGTAGCAGTAGCATT 
 GCTGCTGGTTGGTGCGATGGGGCGAGTCCCACTCGAGCTCCTCGGGCTGGTAGGACA 
 GCACCATCTTCACGGCCTGCAGCGTCCTGGCGATGGCGCCCTTCTTCAGCGCGCCGC 
 CTTTCTGGGG 
   
 >9:124007671-124008151 (SEQ ID NO.: 119) 
 GGAGGACAGAAGATGTTACACTTTACTCAGGGAACAGAGGCGGGCAACTGGCCCTG 
 TGACTGCAGCCAACAGCTTTAAGAACACAGTCCTTTCTGCTTCAAGGTTAGGGAGAC 
 GTTCTCGCCTCTTTCTTCTTTGCAGTTATTATTCAAGAGGCTTCCCCCGACCCCAGTC 
 CCCAGCACCATCCTCAGAGCTTCAGACCATACATTGACAGTGAGCAAAGGGGGCCC 
 CAGGCAGGCGGGTCTGGGGCCAAGGAGGGCGGCTCCCCTGCGCGGATCCTTCCCTG 
 GTGGCTCCCAAATCCGGCGTTTTCTCTGCCGCCTCTCCCTCGGGGGAGACTCGGAAA 
 GGCTGCAAAAATCTGGGCGCCCGTTCGCTCGCTTGTCAAGAAGCAAACTGTCTTCAC 
 ATTCTCCAAGAGCAACATCCCTGCCTAGGAAGAGGAAGGAAGAGGCAAAATAAATA 
 AAACCAGTTAATGTTGTAGTTAACTTGC 
   
 >9:129258261-129258441 (SEQ ID NO.: 120) 
 CTCAGTCACTTGCACAACGCATATCGCTAGTAAGCGTTGCTGGTGGGATCACACTCA 
 GCACTTCATAGGCAAAGAAAATCCCAGGAGTGCCGAGGAAACGCTGTCAAGATGTC 
 AAAAATACGCGGTAAGACGTCAGCCCGGTGAGCATCCTCCGCACTGCGGACCGCCC 
 GGGGTCGGGGTC 
   
 >9:133257345-133257645 (SEQ ID NO.: 121) 
 CCTCAATGTCCACAGTCACTCGCCACTGCCTGGGTCTCTACCCTCGGCCACCTCACT 
 GACTTACTTCTTGATGGCAAACACAGTTAACCCAATGGTGGTGTTCTGGAGCCTGAA 
 CTGCTCGTTGAGGATGTCGATGTTGAATGTGCCCTCCCAGACAATGGGAGCCAGCCA 
 AGGGGTACCACGAGGACATCCTTCCTACTGCACATGGAGAGAGGCGTGCGGTCACA 
 TGGAGCTGGCAGGGTGCCACCCACATGCGCCTCTGGCACACGGCCGCCCCCACCTG 
 GAAACTCCACTCAGCTTC 
   
 >9:134407349-134407680 (SEQ ID NO.: 122) 
 TACCGCCCTGCGCAGCCAGGCTGGCTGGCAGGCTGCAGCGGGAAGCGCCTGTGGGT 
 CCTCGGCGCTGACTGCAGAGCTGGGTGGAGGCAGCGGAACCAAAACTGCTGTGTCA 
 CTGCACGCTGCAGCTGTTGCCAGGGTGACCGGGTGAGTTTCCCACGCTTGCCCGGGC 
 GGCAGCGTGCGGGCCGGCGGGTGGGGCGGAGGGGTGTGCAGAGAGGCCAGTGGTG 
 TCGTGCCACCCGATGCCCGGGGGTGTCCACTCCCCTCTCCTGGGTCACGTGACCAGG 
 GCCCCTGCCCTGCGGTGTTGTGGGGTGTATGTGTGGTTCTTGGGGGGGTCC 
   
 >9:135926952-135927312 (SEQ ID NO.: 123) 
 TGGCAACGCAGCCGCCTCAGGGCAGTGTGACTTCCTGATGGTGGTGACTCAGGACA 
 ACAAAAGCGAGAGGCCCTGAGAGTCAGGCGGGCACCACAGGGCCTTGCTGAGGCA 
 GCCGGGGACTCCCGCTCCCTCTGCTGACACCATTGGTGGCCAGTGAGTCAGAGGCA 
 GAGGTGCCAGAGACCCCGCCCGAAGGGAGGAGATCTGAGAGCCTGCAGCCACAGG 
 CTCCTCCAGGACTCGAGCACCGGGGCCGCACAGAGAGCCCTTTCTCTCCTGGGCAGG 
 CCAGGCGGGGATCCCCCAGCGCCCTAACCTGCTCTGTGACCACGGCAATGTGGCCTT 
 GGGGATGTGCCCTGCCTCTCTGGGT 
   
 >10:43105168-43105348 (SEQ ID NO.: 124) 
 CCGTGGTGGAGTTCAAGCGGAAGGAGGTGCTTGTCCGCGCGTGCTGTGGTCTACCCA 
 GTGTCTGTCTCCGGCCACAGTTCGTTTCTCGGTCGGTTTAGTGTCCGTGTAGCCACCC 
 AACCGTGTGGCCGACCATTCGCGCTTTCATTTGTCCTTCGCCTCCGTCTGCGCCGTCT 
 GTCCTAGG 
   
 >10:59817900-59818140 (SEQ ID NO.: 125) 
 GTTCCGTCACACGCATTTAGAGCCAGAAGCAGCATGGCAAATCATCATTTTAAAGCT 
 GAGGAAACCACTAGCCTGCAAGATGACATGACTCAGGCAGTCATGCCACCAAGATA 
 GGAACGGATATCGGTCACCATGGCAGCCAAAATTGCTGGGTCCTGTCCAACCAGCA 
 AGTACAGAGGAACTTGAGGGAAACATGGATTTAGGGCAAATCAAGCTGTGGTTTGT 
 GGGCCTATCTCCTTTG 
   
 >10:75408705-75408885 (SEQ ID NO.: 126) 
 AGGGTGAGGTGCGGTGAATAGCCGTATCCGGAAACCGAGCGTGCCCCGGGCTTCTT 
 TCCCGCCGCCAGACCCCGCACAGCCGCCCTGGGACGTTTTTCGAGGCTTGGGACCTA 
 AGACGGGTCCCCGGACCCTGCTGGGAAACCAGGGGGCGTTTTTCGTCCCTCTCTGAG 
 GCCATTATCCA 
   
 >10:96044290-96044470 (SEQ ID NO.: 127) 
 GGGAGGGGGCGCAGAGGGTCGCGGGGGAGCCGGCAGTGACCGCGCCTGGGGTGTG 
 TCTTACAGACTCGAGTTGCCGCGTCGGGCTGGGCGCGCCGCCGGGTCCCATGGAGCT 
 GGAGGGGCAGTGGTGGCGAGGACAGCTGGCCGCCGATATTCACCAAGCGCTTCGCT 
 ACAAGGTAACTCC 
   
 >10:98029739-98030219 (SEQ ID NO.: 128) 
 CGGCCTGGCTGCCCCATCAAAGCCTCCAAGTGCCCCCACGGGGTCGAGGAGGACTC 
 AGGGTTCCCCTGGAATGCCTGAAGCCGGCTTGCCTCAGGCAGCCTGAAGGGAAGAC 
 CACACCTCGTCCAGCATAAGGCGGCTAGCAGCTACGCCGCGCGCGGGGCTGGCTCC 
 CGGAGCTCTCTGCCACCCAGCGCTGTGCCCGGGAACTCGGCTTCCCAGGGGAGGAA 
 GAGCCAGCCCGCGGGGCTCTTCCCCAGCCTGGAAGCGTAGGCACTCGGCCGAGGCC 
 AGTGGCTTCCCAGGCCCGGGTCTCAGCCTGGCTGACTGGGAGACTCTCCCGATAGCC 
 CGGCACATCCCTCCTCACCCGCTCCGCCCCCTCCAGGCCCCAGAGGCCCCCTCCCCT 
 GACAGCTGACCTCCAGTGCGCCCCCAACACTTTCTCTGCCAGCTGCTGGCTGTCGCC 
 CCCACACATCAGCTCCCACCTCTCCGCCAC 
   
 >10:99329112-99330672 (SEQ ID NO.: 129) 
 GAGGCCATGCTGCAAACCCAGACTTTTCAGGCTGCATCTCAGATATACCGAAGTGTG 
 TACCCGCTACGCACAGTGCGGTGATGCCTGGCCACCTCCAGCCTCCAGCGGGGACCT 
 CCTGCCCAGGTGGAGTCTGAATGCCCACCGCCACCAGCCCACGCGCGCAGTGGGCG 
 TACACGTGGTGACCTGCCTGCGGCTGGGTTCCCAGCTCCGGCTCCTCCTCCCTCCAG 
 CTCTCGCTCGGCTTCCTGCAGTATCACGTGCAGCTGCGCTGGGTGCAGGATGGCGGC 
 GGCCGCGGCGGCGGCAGCAGCGGTGGGTGTCAGGCTCCGGGACTGCTGCAGCCGAG 
 GCGCTGTGCTCCTGCTCTTCTTTTCCCTGTCTCCTCGGCCCCCGGCCGCCGCCGCCTG 
 GCTGCTGGGCCTGCGGCCCGAGGACACTGCTGGAGGCCGCGTGTCCCTGGAGGGGG 
 GCACCCTGCGCGCCGCCGAAGGCACCAGCTTCCTCCTGCGTGTCTATTTCCAGCCAG 
 GACCGCCGGCCACCGCCGCACCGGTGCCCTCACCGACCCTCAACTCGGGGGAGAAT 
 GGCACCGGCGACTGGGCTCCGCGGCTCGTGTTCATCGAGGAGCCCCCGGGCGGTGG 
 CGGCGTGGCCCCCAGCGCGGTCCCCACTCGCCCCCCGGGACCGCAGCGCTGCAGGG 
 AGCAGAGCGACTGGGCATCGGACGTGGAAGTCCTGGGGCCCTTGCGTCCCGGGGGC 
 GTGGCAGGCTCGGCCCTGGTCCAGGTGCGAGTGCGGGAGCTGCGCAAGGGCGAAGC 
 GGAGCGGGGCGGCGCGGGCGGTGGCGGGAAGCTCTTTTCACTCTGCGCCTGGGATG 
 GGCGCGCGTGGCACCACCACGGCGCCGCCGGCGGCTTCCTGCTGCGCGTTCGCCCGC 
 GGTTGTACGGCCCAGGCGGGGACCTGCTGCCCCCTGCGTGGCTGCGGGCGCTCGGG 
 GCGCTCCTGCTGCTAGCCTTGTCGGCCCTGTTCAGCGGCCTGCGCCTGAGCCTGCTG 
 TCGCTGGACCCGGTGGAGTTACGGGTGCTGCGGAACAGCGGCTCGGCCGCCGAGCA 
 GGAGCAGGCGCGCCGCGTGCAGGCCGTTCGCGGCAGGGGGACCCATCTGCTCTGCA 
 CCCTACTCCTGGGCCAAGCCGGAGCCAACGCGGCCCTGGCTGGCTGGCTGTACACCT 
 CGCTGCCGCCGGGCTTCGGGGGCACCGGGGAAGACTACAGCGAAGAGGGGATCCAC 
 TTCCCGTGGCTGCCGGCGCTCGTGTGCACCGGCGCGGTATTCCTGGGCGCCGAAATC 
 TGCCCCTACTCAGTGTGTTCGCGGCACGGGCTGGCCATCGCCTCGCACAGCGTGTGC 
 CTGACCCGGCTTCTGATGGCAGCCGCCTTCCCCGTGTGCTACCCGCTGGGCCGCCTG 
 CTGGACTGGGCGCTGCGCCAGGAGATAAGCACCTTCTACACGCGGGAGAAGTTGCT 
 GGAGACGTTGCGGGCCGCAGACCCCTACAGTGACCTGGTGAAGGAGGAGCTCAACA 
 TCATACAGGGTGCCCTGGAGCTGCGCACCAAAGTTG 
   
 >10:101134289-101134829 (SEQ ID NO.: 130) 
 CGGCCGAGCGCGCCGCCCTGGCCAAGGCGCTCAAAATGACCGATGCGCAGGTCAAA 
 ACCTGGTTCCAGAACCGGCGGACAAAGTGGAGGTGAGCAAGCGGGGCGGGCCGGC 
 CGCCCGCGAGCGGCGCGGTCTCAGGCAGCTCTCGGTTCATTGGCCTCTCGTGGGGCG 
 CACATACTTTTTCCGCTCGCGGTTTCTGATCCTTTCGGAGGAGCGAGCTCCCGCTAGG 
 CTTGCGGGGAGCTGGAAGCAACCGAGGCCGATAGCTGGGATGGGGCTGAAGAGCCC 
 TGGCTCTGTTTTACCGGAGGCTTCAGGGCTTTCTGGTTGGCACACTCTCTGCCGGTGT 
 AGACGCGGCAGGTCTATTCCGCCGCTTGGGCAAACAGGCGGGTTAGTGCACTCCAC 
 GCAGTCCAGGCTCCAGGGATCTGTGAGTCCTGGGGAGCTTTTTGTTTGCGCAAACTC 
 TTGCTTATGGAATCCTGCTCTGTCCTGGAGACTGGATGCAGAACAGCCCGCACCTTG 
 TTGCAGCGCTCCAGCCGGGCTCCCGGCAGAG 
   
 >10:116272416-116272956 (SEQ ID NO.: 131) 
 CATGTGCGTGTTTTCCAGGGGCCGCTGACACGGGGATGGAGGTGAGGGCTGGAGAG 
 GTCTGAAGAGGGTTCCTAAAGTCCAAGGGGGTGTCTGTTGGGTTCAACCCGAGACG 
 CTGAACGCAAGCAAATAAATAAATAAACGGTACTTTCCGAGCGTCGCGAGCGGAGC 
 CTGCAGCTGCCTGGAGTCCGAGCCCTCGGTGGCGGCGGCGGCAGCTCCCTAGCCAG 
 CCCTGGCGCCGAAAGAGCCCCTTCTCCCGGGAAGTTGGCCTCCCCCTCCTCGCGTCA 
 GCCAGCGAGCTCGCTCAGCCGCCGGCCCTCCCCACTCCGATCGCCAATCCCTAGCCC 
 CAGTCGCCGCCCTCCTTCTCCCCGGGACTCGTCTCCCTCCAGAGGCCGCCAAGCCAG 
 GGGGAACCGATGTCCCGACTGGGGCTGAAACCCGGTTCCTGCGCCCCTACCCCCTAC 
 CCGCCGCGCGTCCTCGGCTCCCTCCTGGGCGTCCGCTCCTCTCACACTCTCGCCCGGT 
 GCCCAGGACTCGGGCGCTTCCGCACCCCAGC 
   
 >10:132786883-132787292 (SEQ ID NO.: 132) 
 GCCGGGAGAACAGAGACCAGGACGGCCTCAGCGCGGAAGCCCTGTCCAGGGCCCG 
 AACGTGGGTGCGGGCTGGGGGCGCAGCGGCAGAAACGCGGCCTTAGACGCGCGCG 
 GGGGGCCGGTGTCCCCCCCGCCCCCACGGCACCGGGAGCCGCTCGCTCATCCATCCC 
 GCAGACCGGGCGGTGAGATGACTCCGAGCCCCGCGCACGGCGGCCGCGAGCAAAC 
 GCTCCGACGTCTGTGGTGACGTCTCGTATTGATTTAGGGACACGGGGCGGCTGTGGC 
 TGTGGCCCACGGCTCGTGGGGAGCCCGAGTCTGTGCGCAGGGAACGCCGCTGCGTG 
 GCCTCTCTCGGGCCTGTGCCGCGGAGGAAGGCGGCGCCCGGGGTTCGGGGCCGGGG 
 TCTCACGTCCGCCCCCTCG 
   
 >11:639416-639956 (SEQ ID NO.: 133) 
 GTGGTGTCGCCGCGCAGGTCCAGGGTGGCGCGTGGCTGCTGAGCCCCCGCCTGTGC 
 GACGCCCTCATGGCCATGGACGTCATGCTGTGCACCGCCTCCATCTTCAACCTGTGC 
 GCCATCAGCGTGGACAGGTGCGCCGCCCTCCCCGCCCGCGCCCCGGCGCCCCCGCG 
 CCCCGCCCGCCGCCCTCACCGCGGCCTGTGCGCTGTCCGGCGCCCCCTCGGCGCTCC 
 CCGCAGGTTCGTGGCCGTGGCCGTGCCGCTGCGCTACAACCGGCAGGGTGGGAGCC 
 GCCGGCAGCTGCTGCTCATCGGCGCCACGTGGCTGCTGTCCGCGGCGGTGGCGGCG 
 CCCGTACTGTGCGGCCTCAACGACGTGCGCGGCCGCGACCCCGCCGTGTGCCGCCTG 
 GAGGACCGCGACTACGTGGTCTACTCGTCCGTGTGCTCCTTCTTCCTACCCTGCCCGC 
 TCATGCTGCTGCTCTACTGGGCCACGTTCCGCGGCCTGCAGCGCTGGGAGGTGGCAC 
 GTCGCGCCAAGCTGCACGGCCGCGCGCCCCG 
   
 >11:8080670-8081150 (SEQ ID NO.: 134) 
 AAATGTTCCCCTTCCCTTGACGCTATAGCTTAGATGGGAGGGAGCCACTGCTGAGGA 
 AACACCTCCTTAACCCAAAGACAGAGGGTTCCCCAGGCGGGGGTGTGGGAACTCGG 
 AGGTGGGGGTGAGGGAAGGCCAACCTCCACGCTTCGGCCCGGAGGTTCCCCCGCCT 
 CTTCCTGCACGACTGGATTCCTTCTCCATCCGCGCCTCCGGCCCGGTCCCTGCCCCGC 
 CAAATCCGCGCATCGGTTTCCCATCCCATAGCGCAGATAGGTAGGGCAGGTACACA 
 GGGAGGTGTTCGAATGATCCCCGTTTCACAGAAGACGAAACTGAGGCTGGGAGGCC 
 TGGGGACTGGCCCGGCTGCAGCGCCGCCGTTAGCCGAAGGTGGGAGCCGGCGCGGT 
 CACGCGCATGGAGCGTGGATCGCGACGATTTCGGGGGAGGGGGCAAGGGCGCTCCG 
 CAGGCCCTGAGCCGGCCGGGGGGTGGGGTC 
   
 >11:17351464-17351704 (SEQ ID NO.: 135) 
 TAAGTTTATCGCGCCAACGGTAAGATGTCGCTCTGGACGCGTGCACCTGCTCTCGCA 
 ATCACCGACTGCGGTCAGCATCTTCCTTAGAGCAGCGCCCCGGGCCACTTGGATCCC 
 GGTCTCAATTTACTAAGCGAACCCAGAGGATGCCCCGAGTCCTGGACCGCAGAGCC 
 GCTCGCGAGAGGCACCGGGGCTGTAACCGCGCAACCTCGTGCCGCGGGCGGAGGCG 
 AGGGAGGATTCCCCG 
   
 >11:64060717-64061197 (SEQ ID NO.: 136) 
 TCGAGGCTGAGCTCTGTGCCGAGCCCACTGTATTTTCACCGGAAAATGCGAGACTTT 
 CATTTCTACCTCTCGAATGCCCAGTCTTTGAGTCCTGCAGCCCCCGGGTCGCCCGGG 
 TCCCGGAGCCGGCGGGTGTGAACGGGGCCAAAGCCCTCCAGGCCGGGCGTGTCAGC 
 CCCGCCCCCGAGGCTCTTTGCATATTCATGACCTTGGCGGGCATGCGCACCGCGGCG 
 GCGGCGGCGGCGGGGCTCCCGGGCCGCCAGGCGACCGGGCGGGCCGGCGTCGACCT 
 TCCCCGACCCAGGCATCCTCAACCGCGGCCTCCTCCTCCCTTGTCTTGATGGAAAGG 
 GCTTGGCGTCCCCCCCACTCCCAACCACCTGAGAGCCTCGCGCTGGAAGGACTTTGG 
 TAATTATTTGTTTCAGTTGAGCTGTTTTCAGTCTAGGCTAGGCTGAGTCTTGTAATGA 
 GTATGGATTTGCCAGTAAATAAGTCC 
   
 >11:67583928-67584405 (SEQ ID NO.: 137) 
 CCGGCAGGGCTCCTCGCCCACCTCGAGACCCGGGACGGGGGCCTAGGGGACCCAGG 
 ACGTCCCCAGTGCCGTTAGCGGCTTTCAGGGGGCCCGGAGCGCCTCGGGGAGGGAT 
 GGGACCCCGGGGGCGGGGAGGGGGGGCAGACTGCGCTCACCGCGCCTTGGCATCCT 
 CCCCCGGGCTCCAGCAAACTTTTCTTTGTTCGCTGCAGTGCCGCCCTACACCGTGGTC 
 TATTTCCCAGTTCGAGGTAGGAGCATGTGTCTGGCAGGGAAGGGAGGCAGGGGCTG 
 GGGCTGCAGCCCACAGCCCCTCGCCCACCCGGAGAGATCCGAACCCCCTTATCCCTC 
 CGTCGTGTGGCTTTTACCCCGGGCCTCCTTCCTGTTCCCCGCCTCTCCCGCCATGCCT 
 GCTCCCCGCCCCAGTGTTGTGTGAAATCTTCGGAGGAACCTGTTTCCCTGTTCCCTCC 
 CTGCACTCCTGACCCCTCCCCGG 
   
 >11:68855693-68855873 (SEQIDNO.: 138) 
 CCAGCCCCGGCGGACCCGCCCCCGGCCCGGCCCAGCGTCCCCAGGGGCTCCCGGCC 
 CACCCCGTCCGTTCTGGAGCGAGAGTTCACTCCCCGGGCTGACTGCTCCAAGCCCCC 
 TTTATTAGAAGCATTCCTTGTGGAAAAACAGGAAACACTGACCTGTAAAACAAAAC 
 GCTTATTAAAAT 
   
 >11:69637540-69637720 (SEQ ID NO.: 139) 
 CTCCCCACCACTTGGTCTGAGAGGGGCTGGGGCCGGAAGGCCAGGGAATCTCTGGT 
 GGATTTGGGGGTTCATATTGCTCAGGGTACCAGCCGATGCGTTTTGAGGGGCGGGAG 
 TCGAGGAATTAGAATCGCCTTTAACCCTCAAGAGTTGCGCCTTCAGCCTCGGGATCC 
 CAGATGCGTCG 
   
 >11:73309427-73309607 (SEQ ID NO.: 140) 
 AGCCCAGAGTCCGGCCTACCACGGCGGCCACTCCTCGGGCAGTGACGACGACCGAG 
 ACGGTGAGGGCGGCCACCGCTGGGGAGGGAGGCCCGGGCTCAGGCCTGGAAGCTCC 
 CTATTGGATCAGGACTGCAGGCCTGACAGTGATGGGTTAAATCTAAGCAGCATGAA 
 CTCAGCAGGGGTT 
   
 >11:74311342-74311687 (SEQ ID NO.: 141) 
 GTCACCCCACCCTGCGGCACAGTGTATCCCACTGAGGCCCCTCGGTCGCTCCCACTC 
 GTCGTGCCCTCACCTAGTCAGGTCCCGCAGCCGCGCCTCCTCCCCGCGCAGGTACCG 
 CCTCAGCAGCCCCAGCAGCCGGCGCTCGGGCGCCAGGGCGCGCGCCACGCTGGTCA 
 GCGCCGAGAACGTGTCGCCCCGAGCCGCAGCCCTTTCTGGGTCTCCTGTCCCGAGCG 
 CCAGCACCGCCAGCAGCGCCGCCAGCCGCGCCCCAGGACCCATAGCCAGCGCTCGC 
 GAACTTCCCCTCAGACAGTCCTGGCCGCGCGGCGGCAGCCGCTCCCGCCCTCGCCTG 
 CCCCGC 
   
 >11:74467133-74467313 (SEQ ID NO.: 142) 
 GCGCAAGTCCCCACGGTTTCCAGACGGGGCGCGCAGAGCCCAGCTCCCTACTCCCA 
 CATGCTGCTCCACGATCACTGCGCTCGGGAGGATCGGGGAGGATCCGGGAGGACTA 
 GCTTGGTATTTGCAGCGCCCACCCCTCCCCCACTCCCCCTCGGTTCCACAGTCTCACG 
 GAGAGCGCGCC 
   
 >11:104163936-104164116 (SEQ ID NO.: 143) 
 AGCGACTAGAGACAGCGTCGCTCCAAGAAAAAGCCGGGTTCTGCTCCCGGGACCGA 
 CGCCGCGCCGCCCTGCGCTCTCGCCGCCTGCGCTCGCCCTGCGCTGGCCCGGGTCGC 
 TGTGCTAATCGCCGAGCTCTCCCCAAACTTCCTGCATGCTGAACTTTCCGAGCGCGT 
 GTGGGTGCCGC 
   
 >11:134332352-134332532 (SEQ ID NO.: 144) 
 CGACACCCGGCGTGCCCTCGGGAGCCGGCGTCTGTGCCCCGAGCCGCCCACCCCGC 
 CGCGCCTGTGACGCCGGGCTCTGCCCCCCGTGGACGCCCGCAGCCCTCCAGCCGTCA 
 GAGCCCTCTCAGACGCACCCCATCGCGGCCCCGTCCCCACTGCTCCGCGGAGAGCTC 
 CCTCTGCCCTT 
   
 >12:3200277-3201237 (SEQ ID NO.: 145) 
 GCAGGGGGCGGGGCCGAGGGCCCGGGGAGGGGGCTCCAGGCGATTTCAGAGTCGC 
 GAGTCGGGGCCGGGATTTCGCAGGGAAAGCCCAGCGGTTGCAGCTGCGGCGGATCC 
 CTCGGCACTGTCCGCCGCGCGCCGGGGCAGCCCAGGGCCGGCGGCAGCTCCGCAAA 
 GTCGCGGAACGAGAGGAGGCGGAGCGCCGGCCAAGTGGTGGGGCTCAGCGCTGGG 
 GCTGGGCTGGGCTGGGAGAGGTGTGCCCAGGGAGCCTGGATCCCGGTGCCCTTCTC 
 CCTCGTGTGGAGCGGCCAGTGCGGCCAGAGGCGAGCTGACGGCCTGGAAAGAGAA 
 ATCAAATTGCAGCCTCCCCAAAGACGCTGAGTTACGCGGGCGAGCCGGTTCCCGGG 
 GATCGTTCGCGAGCGCGCAGAGAGCCGCGCCGCGCCGCAGAGCCCTCCCGGGGCCG 
 CCGGCCAGAAGCGGGGCGCCGTCCGACAGGCAGCAGCCCCTGGGCGCGGGGTTCGG 
 CCGCGAGTGAGCCCCTGTGCAGAGAGGGGGCGTGCAAGGCTCCGCCGGCCCCCCCG 
 CAGCCCGCGCCCGACTTGGGCGCCCCCTCCGTCCCATTCTGGGAGCGATGCCCCCCG 
 CTCCTCGCACCCCCCGGGAACGCCGCGAGCATGGAGAAGTCGAGTAGCGAGGATTC 
 TTCGATCCATCGGAGTCCATCTTTGGACAGCAAGGACTCGGACTTTGCCAAGCCGTC 
 CACCTCCGGCCGCCCGTTCGGCCGCGGCTTCACGGCCGGCGCCTTCTACGGCACCGC 
 GGGCTCCCGGGGCCAGAGCCGCGCCGAGGCCGGCGTTAAGACCGACAAGTGCAATG 
 CACCCAAAGGCAGCAAGTACGTGGTGTTTTACCTGGACCTGTCCTTTGTGTTCCTCCT 
 AGAATTTAAGAAGTGCAACATGGCCAGGGGCTGCCTCTGCTGCTTGAAGTACATGAT 
 GTTCCT 
   
 >12:3493022-3493802 (SEQ ID NO.: 146) 
 CCTACCCCACGGCGTAGGCAGCAAAGCTTTATAAATCCCCCTTCTCTGAGAGACTAG 
 AAGCAGCATGCATCTGACAATTGTCAATTTCAAAACAAACACGCTCCGGGACTTGA 
 ACGCAGCGGGGCATTCAGTAGCGAATGCTGTCTCCTTGAGTTAGGGCAAAGCCTGC 
 GTGCCCGCCGTCCCCTCACCACTTCCTCTTCCCCAGCCCCCACCTGAGAGCAGACAT 
 TCGGAATGATGTGTAGTGCGAGGCGGCTAGCCTCCCAGCAGAAAGCCATCCTTACC 
 ATTCCCCTCACCCTCCGCCCTCTGATCGCCCACCCGCCGAAAGGGTTTCTAAAAATA 
 GCCCAGGGCTTCAAGGCCGCGCTTCTGTGAAGTGTGGAGCGAGCGGGCACGTAGCG 
 GTCTCTGCCAGGTGGCTGGAGCCCTGGAAGCGAGAAGGCGCTTCCTCCCTGCATTTC 
 CACCTCACCCCACCCCCGGCTCATTTTTCTAAGAAAAAGTTTTTGCGGTTCCCTTTGC 
 CTCCTACCCCCGCTGCCGCGCGGGGTCTGGGTGCAGACCCCTGCCAGGTTCCGCAGT 
 GTGCAGCGGCGGCTGCTGCGCTCTCCCAGCCTCGGCGAGGGTTAAAGGCGTCCGGA 
 GCAGGCAGAGCGCCGCGCGCCAGTCTATTTTTACTTGCTTCCCCCGCCGCTCCGCGC 
 TCCCCCTTCTCAGCAGTTGCACATGCCAGCTCTGCTGAAGGCATCAATGAAAACAGC 
 AGTAGGGGCGGCCGGGCTCCTGCGAACAACAACAAAACAAACAA 
   
 >12:6540419-6540659 (SEQ ID NO.: 147) 
 CCCACCCTCTGCCTCGCTGAGCTCCCTGCTGCGAGGGCCTCGGGTGCAAGGGGGAG 
 GCAGGTCTCTATCTCATGGAGCTGTCAGATGAGACATCGCGATCGGAGTCCTCAGCC 
 TCGCTTGGCGGCGGCGGCGGGTCGCTAAGCGGGACCGCAGTGAAAGCAGGAGACTT 
 TCTAGAAAAAAACACCAGTTGTCAACCTTGGGGCAGGCAGGAATCCTGAAGACGGA 
 CGGCACTCCTCCTCCT 
   
 >12:40224354-40224954 (SEQ ID NO.: 148) 
 GGGGCAGTTTTGATGGCTAACCCCTCTTTCCATCCTTTGGGGGAAAATTGCTCATCTC 
 CCTATAGGTGGAACTCTAAAGACAATGTATTCCTAAAAGGGGCCATCTGGGCGGTGT 
 CCTCTTTTCCCAGCGCCCTGATTTCTATTCTTAGATCTGGAGATAGGCGGCTTTCATT 
 TTTCCTGCTCCCAGTTCCCAGACCTTCCGTGGGGCCGCAGGATCCCCGGCTGGCGGG 
 TCGCGGAGGGTGGCCGGCCGGGCTGCGCACTGCGCGCCTCCGCTGCGGGGCTCCGG 
 GCCTGTGGACTCAGCGGAGTCCGCTGAGTCAGTTTCTTCCCGCGCGACTCCCGGCCG 
 CGCCGCCGCTGCGGTGGAATCTGGTCCCAGGAGGCGGCGTCCGCCCGGGGTCCGGT 
 CTAGGCGTGCGTGGGGGCCACGGTCACGGTCATCCCAGCCAGGCCCGGCTCCAGCA 
 GCCCCACGGCCGCCGCCAGAGTTCTGCGCGGCCCGTCGCCTCGGCGGAGCCTCTGGC 
 AGGCCCCTGAGCTCGTTTTTGGGGCCTGAGTGGGGGAGGAGGAAGCCGAGCAGGAG 
 GGCTCCGGAGAGGGAGGGCAACGCGGGGCGGGG 
   
 >12:63150967-63151627 (SEQ ID NO.: 149) 
 CTCTGCGATCCCTCCAGTGGGCGTCTCCCGGAGCAGCGTCCCGCCTGCCCACTGAGC 
 AGCTCTCAGCAGGGTGAGCTGGCCCCTCTCCCTGCTCTGCCTTTTTTCAACTTCGGCG 
 AGGTCGGGAAGGTGAGCTCCGAGCTTCCGGAAGCACTGGGTTCCCAACTCAAGTAT 
 TTATGCGGTGCTTGTTTCCTTGGGACGCGCTCCCTCCCGCCCTATTGCCGGAAGACTG 
 CTGGTTGCCTACTCCCCGCTCCCTGGAGTTTTATTTTTTCCTCTCCCTACGTCGGTGTT 
 TGTCCTCTGCATCACTGTGGAGGGGGTGGAGCTGGGAGACTCGCAGATTCCTCCTCA 
 CAGTAGGTGGGATCGTGGCGCTTTCCCGCTTTTCCCTTCCAAAAACTTGGACAACTG 
 GACGAGTCATGCCTTTTCTGGGCTCGTAGCCGTTTCCACAAGCTTCCCTCACTAGCCT 
 TCCTCGCTAGCCTCCTTAACCATGCATTTGACTTCAACAGGCACGCTAAGCGCGGTA 
 CCTGGAAACCTCCAGTCCACGCACCGGCGTCCACGCATCTAGCTCCTGCACCTGAAC 
 CTGGCTCTCGACCTCACCTCCTCCAGTCCGGGTTTCTTCCTTCTCACCGAGCTCACCC 
 GTGCAGCAGTCTGGCAAATTTTATTCCCC 
   
 >12:104456512-104457736 (SEQ ID NO.: 150) 
 CTCGCTCCCTGGGGGTTTGGGGCAACTTCCCCGCTACGTCGCCCAGGGATTTTAAAT 
 AATTGCCAGCCACCAGAAACCCCCTAACCCTTAATTCTTCCCTCCGAGACCCAGCCC 
 GCTGCTTGCCACTTCCCTCTCCAAACGCTGGCGGGGGTGGGTGGCAGCACCGAGGC 
 GATTTTCTTCGTCTTTTTTTCCTCCGGGTTTTGTCATGGAAACGCTGACACAACCTCC 
 AGACGGCGGCCGAGCCCGGCCGGGGACTGAGGGCTTTTGGGACCCTGCGGGAGCGC 
 GGCGCGCACACCGCACTCCCCGGGCAACAGCTGGACGCGACCATATCCCGGGTAGG 
 GGCGGGGGGAGCGCGACGCTCCGCCCCGGCGCTAGGGTCCCTCCCTCCTCCCGGCTC 
 TCCGCAGGCGCCCTCCCCTCGCCGGGGGCCGCGAGTTGCATTTGGTAAAACCCAGCC 
 CCGGAATATATAGATCGTTGGAGCGCAATGAAGTAGCCTTTGGAGAGAAGGGAGAG 
 GGCCCGTCGGACAGCCACAGCGGCCAGCGCAGCGGCAGCGGCGGCGGCACCACCAT 
 CACCGCTCGCACCCCAGCCGCCCGGCCCGCGACCAGGCAGCGGCGGCCGCCGGCGG 
 GATCGGAGGAGGCGGCGGAGCGGCGAGGAGGAGGAGCAGGAGCGCGCAGCCAGCG 
 GGTCCACGCATCTCAGCACTTCCAGACCAACTCCGGCACCTTCCACACCCCTGCCCG 
 GGCTGGGGGCTCCGAGAGCGGCCGCGAAGCGACTCCGATCCTCCCTCTGAGCCTTG 
 CTCAGCTCTGCCCCGCGCCTCCCGGGCTCCGGTCCGCGCGGCGGGGTCCCTGCTCCT 
 GCGCCCCGGGCGCGCTTCCCGGACACCCCGGTCCCCGCAGCCAGGACAAAGCCATG 
 AAGCCAGCGCTGCTGGAAGTGATGAGGATGAACAGAATCTGCCGGATGGTGCTGGC 
 CACTTGCTTGGGATCCTTTATCCTGGTCATCTTCTATTTCCAAAGTATGTTGCACCCA 
 GGTAGGGGGCGCGTTAGCGTGGTTTTGTTGGATATTTTCTTCTCTCTCGCGCTCTAGC 
 TCGCTCCGCCTGATTTCTGCCTCTTCCAACCCTACCTCTCCGCCTTCGGCCTCTTCGG 
 GGCTCCTGGCTGCCCAGAGCTCCTGGCTGCCCAGATCTACCCGGGTCACCGCGTCGG 
 GATGGGGAGGAGAAGGGAAGGTGTGCTTCGCCCTC 
   
 >12:132904844-132905024 (SEQ ID NO.: 151) 
 CTTCTCAGGAAGCCAAGCTCCCTCACCCTGTGGCGACGCCGCGGGCGGAATGCGCA 
 TGCGCGCCACGAGCCACAATCGTAGGGTTGGGCGCGCCCTGCCGGCCACCAGGGGC 
 AGCGCAGGAGCTGAGCGCACCCCATCAGCGAAAGAAGCGCGCCTCCCCGCTCTTTT 
 CTGAACCGTATCT 
   
 >13:24271993-24272173 (SEQ ID NO.: 152) 
 TTTCTATATTGAGAACACAGACCACATGAGTGAGAGGGCTCGGTAATGCTAGCGAG 
 ACGGCACTGGCAAGACCTGGGTGGAGGAAGCGGACGTGCGGGTGCTCCCTCCCAGG 
 GTTCCTGCACCCATGGCCTTGAGCAGGGGCGTGTTCATTCCCACCGGGAGTGCAGCC 
 AGCACGAACGGG 
   
 >13:36297374-36297734 (SEQ ID NO.: 153) 
 GGCAAAATACACGCCATATGATTGGATCCTTAAGGGCAGCACATCCTACCCGGAAA 
 GCTGCCTACTTAACAATACCAAAGGCTTACTCAAAGAGGCACGTGAATCTTTCGCAT 
 GGAATACTTTTGGAACCCAGACCGAAGTGCCCAGGGGTTAATCACGGCGCCGGTCTT 
 ACAGCACCCTCAGCGGCTTCAGCCCTGAGACTCTGCAGGTGAAGGCTCGGGGGGTG 
 TGGACGGGACCCCACACCGCGCCGCCCGCCGACTCACTTCTTGCGGACTTCTTCCAG 
 CAACTGCTGTTTCAGGCGGTTGGTGCTCACACCGTCGAAGTTGTAGTTTCTCTCTTCC 
 TTCATAGTGTCAGGCCAGAG 
   
 >13:102394503-102394683 (SEQ ID NO.: 154) 
 ATGGTTTCCATAGCAACAACAGCACAAGCTGCCGGGTCCCAGAGACGCCCTAGGGT 
 CAGAGGTCATCTCCGTGGCAACGGAAACTTCCCGCGCTACGGCGGCTCCAACGGGC 
 CGCTTCCGCCGCATTGCGTAGCGAAGCCCCCGGCGAGCCGAGGCTGGGAGCGCGGT 
 GATGGCCGGTCCC 
   
 >14:21068771-21069311 (SEQ ID NO.: 155) 
 GCCATAGGTTCTTTTTTGACGCATGGAGCAGAGGCCTCTTCTTGCCTCTAAGAAGGA 
 TGAACACTTGCTCTGTCCTTTTCCAGGCTCAGCGGAGCGGAGAAAAAGGTGGAGGTT 
 AGCGTCCAGAGGAGGTGAGAGAAGAGCAAGTCACCTTGGCGGCACCCCCGCCTCCC 
 CTCCCGCTGTTCCAACAACTGCCCAGAGGCTCCGGCCTCCGAGGAACTGCAGGCGA 
 GGCCAGACGTTTTCTCATCATCGCCCTCCAGCTGCAGGGGCACACGCGTTCACGCCC 
 CTCCGGGGACTATTCGGCTTTCCGATCTCCTCTCCTCTCCCTTCCGTCCACCCTTTAG 
 AAGAGCTCACGGAGCTGCGGGGCTTCCCGGTGCCTGCTCAGAGGCCAGGCAGGGCA 
 TCTCCCCGCCGTGCCCGTGCCTCCCCCCGGGCTCCTGGGAGACCCCCCATCTGGCCT 
 TCCTTTCTCATTCAGACACTGTCGGGGGACGCTCGGGGTTTGATGAGGGAGTGAGGC 
 TAGAACTTTCGTAACTAGCCCACCCTGCTT 
   
 >14:53956625-53956805 (SEQ ID NO.: 156) 
 AGGGCCGGGGACTGTGGCGCTGCAGGCTCGAGATAGCTTGGACGGGAATCCCATCG 
 GGGAGACAAGCTAGATACTCAGCCGGAGCAGCAGCGGCGTCTCAGGCTCGCGTCCC 
 TCAGCTCGGATGCCACACTCACCTAGCTTCCGGGCCGGGCTCCGCGCTCCTTCCCTC 
 CCTCCCTCCTCC 
   
 >14:97412990-97413410 (SEQ ID NO.: 157) 
 CTTTCAAGTGTCCAGGCCATAAATTCTTCTCAATTCCCTCTCTCTCTCCTTGTCGGAA 
 TTAATGAGATCAGATCTGATCAGGGCGCTGATGTGTTCAGCGCCAAATCACACAACA 
 GCGCGCGCACCGTAATGGAATTTGCATCTAATGCATACATAAATCAAACATCTTTCT 
 GGACATTTTCATATGCATAATGTCATTTCATCCAGTTCTCTCTGTGCAGAGGGGGAG 
 ATTTTTCTCTCTGAGAGAATGACTTTCTTTAATGCTTTCATTTTATTTTCGCTGACTGC 
 AGTCCGGGAGAATGCGCTCGGTCGGAGAATCTTTCGGGGCGCGGTTGACAGTTCTTT 
 TTCCAAGAGGGGTCCTTCACATTTATCATGCCTCTTCCTCGGGGGCTTTGTTATGCAA 
 ATGTGGCTGAAATTGATA 
   
 >14:101561321-101561561 (SEQ ID NO.: 158) 
 TCCGCCCTCCGCCCGCCTGCGCCCGCCCTCAGCCCAAGATTTCTAGGGCATTGGCCG 
 CGCTGCTGGGTGATCCCTCCGGGCTCAAGTTGCAAGGGGGCGGGCCGGGCCGGAGG 
 TGGAGTCTCCCGCCAATTGAAGCCTCCGCTATAAATTGAACTCCCTGCACTGCTGAA 
 GCCCAGATGCCTCGCCAGGCCACGTCGCGGTTGGTGGTCGGAGAGGGCGAGGGGTC 
 CCAGGGGGCTTCGGG 
   
 >14:104117671-104117851 (SEQ ID NO.: 159) 
 CAGGGAAGACCCTCGGCCGGAGAGCCAAGTGCTGCTGGGAGGTGGCCGGGCGTGGC 
 CGGGCTGTGCTGTGGGAACCGCTGGGTGGGGGCGCGCTGGGTTGCCCACGCTCCTG 
 GCGCGCTGCCGGCCTGGAGACGCCGCCGCCGCCCTCTTGCACCCCGAGGGCCCGCA 
 CCTCGAAACTCCG 
   
 >15:52789319-52790159 (SEQ ID NO.: 160) 
 CTGCCCAGACCGGAGCTGGAGAGGGGCGAGAGGCTCTGGCCCATGCCGGCCACGTC 
 CTTGTGGTAGGGGGTATAGAGGTTATTCATGGAGGCCAGCCCGCGCTCATCCCGCAT 
 GAGCGTGAAGCTACCGCTCACGTTGCCCGCCAGGCGCTGGTGGTGGTGCGGGTGGT 
 GGTGGTGATGGTGGTGGTGGTGATGGTGGGGGAACTTGTCCGAGACTGTGGAGATG 
 GGAGGCAGCGGCTGCAGAGGGGTCAAGGTGGTGTAGGTGGTGGGCATGCTCATACC 
 TGGGGGAGTCTCGCAGGCCATGGTCATGGTGGGATGCAGGGGGCCGGCCAGGCTGT 
 GCTCAGGGGCCCGGTGGTGGTGGTGGTAATCTCCGCCGCCGCTGCCGCCGTCCAGCA 
 GGGACGCCATGCCCATGGAGCGCGGGTGCGCGGGGGGCAGGTGGCTGCCGCGGTGC 
 GCCACGGAGCTGCGCGCGTGGGGGCTGCCGCCCAGCAGGTCGGCAGGGGCGGGCAC 
 CGGCTCATGGCTCACCCCGTGCAGCTCGCCGATCGCTTCCATGGTCAGCTGCGCGTT 
 CATCGTGATCCGGGCGAGCAGGCGGCGGACACAACATCGATGTGGCCAGGCAGAGG 
 CGGCGAGGGGCGCACGGAGTCCGGTCTTCACATCGGCTGCTGGCGACTGTTGCCTTC 
 CTTCCTCTCACTGTGGGGCTCTGTCTCTCTCTCTCTCTCTCTCCGTGTGTGTGTGTCCG 
 TGTGTGCGTGTGCGTGTGTGTGTGTGTGTGTGTCTCGCCTTCCCTCTTACCCCCCACC 
 TTCCCCTCTGCGTCCTCGGCTTTTTTTTTTTTAATATTAATTTCCAAA 
   
 >15:79089695-79090115 (SEQ ID NO.: 161) 
 CGAGGAGCTAGCGCAGACCGCTCTCCGCCCTCAGCTGCGGCGAGGCAAGGGCTGGC 
 AGCGCTCGGACGCCTCCGTCTTGCCCTTCCCATGCCTAAGCGCGGGGAATTACACGT 
 TCCCGGTGTAGAACAGACGATCGGGGCTATTAGGGCTGGGCGGTGGGAGTGGGGGT 
 TGGGAGCACCATTTTTGGCTGGACGTGTGTCCAGACTCATCGTCTCTGGTCCTTAGG 
 ACCCCATCTTCCTCTGCATCTCCAGGTGTCGGCCCCTCTGTACCCGCCTCCCACGGGG 
 CTCGTCCGGCGAAGGGCAGCCGCAGCCCACATCTACTCCCCGCCCTCAATCCCTGCC 
 CCCTCTGCCCGCCGCAGTCACTCGCCTGGCTGGGAGCAAGCCTCCCCTCTCGCTGAG 
 GGTGCAGAGAGCGCCTAGGGCGC 
   
 >15:84079746-84080646 (SEQ ID NO.: 162) 
 CACCAGCGTTATATCCCGTCGCTGCTTCACATATATTATTTACCTGGCCCGGGTGGCA 
 TTTTACTTTGCATCCTTGATTGGGAGTCTCAGGGGCTACGAACAAACGTTTTATCCCC 
 GGGTAGCCGGCGGGTGCGGAGCGAGTATTCGTGGGGCGGGATAAGTGCGGAAGTCG 
 CTGCGCCCTCGTCCCTTCATCTCCGGGGGACGGCCACTCTCAGGGTTCCCGAGGAGC 
 CCGCTCCGTGCACCTAGGCCCTAGGTCGGCTCCCAAGCCCTGGCCCGCCGCTACACC 
 AGCGGTTTCTTACCCGCAAGTACAAATGTGACACAGACACCAGCTCCTCGTGCTCTT 
 GGCTCCCAGGGTTTCTTTCACCGCGCCTCAGCACCTGCAGCTTCTCCACTCTTACAGC 
 GCCCGCCGTCGTCAAGGCAACAGAGGGATGCCCGGTGACAGACTCGGCGCCGGCTT 
 CCGGCGCCGTAAGAGAAGCGTCCGCGCGGGCGTTCTGGACCCGCAGAGTTCTCGGC 
 GTTTCCGAAGCTCTTGGTGTGGCCGGGACCCGGGAGAAGGAGCAGGGCTGGTGGGG 
 CTGCTGCAGCCGGTGAGTGTGTGCTGGCGCTGGGGGCTGGAACCTCCTAGGCCAGTC 
 TCTGGGCGGTGCCGCAGGACCCTGCTCGCTGCGGCTCTGAGGCGGAAACAGGGGCT 
 GGGGCCGAGCGCGGGCTGGAAGCTTTGGTCCCTGGAGTGTCGCTTCCAGTCTGGGGC 
 CGAGGCGGTCGCCTGTGTAGACCCGGGATCCTCAAATAGAACGAATCCGGGACCCT 
 GCAGAAATGAAGGGCATGTAGTGTAGAGGTTTTTCCTTTTTATTTAGAAAGGAATGA 
 AAGACCGACAGTGCACCTGCTTGGATAGTAAGCACGTGACCCAAAACTT 
   
 >15:88803502-88803862 (SEQ ID NO.: 163) 
 CTCAAGGTCTCTCTCTCTCAGCACCCTCGCCGGCCGGCGTCTGACGCGGGTGCCAGG 
 GTCTCCGGGCACCTTTCAGTGTCCATTCCCTCAGCCAGCCAGGACTCCGCAACCCAG 
 CAGTTGCCGCTGCGGCCACAGCCCGAGGGGACCTGCGGACAGGACGCCGGCAGGAG 
 GAGGGGTGCGCAGCGCCCGCGCAGAGCGTCTCCCTCGCTACGCAGCGAGACCCGGG 
 CCTCCCGGCCCCAGGAGCCCCCAGCTGCCTCGCCAGGTGTGTGGGACTGAAGTTCTT 
 GGAGAAGGGAGTCCAACTCTTCAAGGTAACTGTCTCCTTCCCTCCAGAGCGAGGCTC 
 TCCCAGGGCGCCCGGCGAGCC 
   
 >16:3151986-3152166 (SEQ ID NO.: 164) 
 GCGCCTCTTGGGGTATCCTTCCACGGGGTGGGGTATCCTTCCACGGGGTGAAGGCTG 
 CGGAGAGTCGCAGCTGCAGGCATGGCCTCCGGTCGGCGGACGCTGGTGACCTGGCG 
 TCGTGCAGGGTGTCACTTTCTCCTTTAATTTTTTTTGATGTTTCAGTGGTTTACGAAG 
 GTATTTGTTT 
   
 >16:23182247-23182634 (SEQ ID NO.: 165) 
 AGGTCAAAGGATGAGTGGCCTGGCTGAACAGCCCCTGCTGCCTACAGCCGGACGCT 
 GGTGGGCACTGAAGCTGCAGGTCTGGAGGGAGTCCGAGGAGCGAGGCTGCGTGGGA 
 TTACTGCTGGTGCTAGGGCAGGCACCTGCCATCTGGACGGGAGTGGAAGGAAGTCG 
 CGGGGCAGTAATAGGGGGCAGCAGGCGCTTTGAGGCGCCTTGGGGTAAGTGCCGCA 
 GAGACCCAGCGGGAATGCAGGATGGCAGGGCGGCCTCGGGGCGGCAGCAGGCACT 
 GCGCGGTGGCCCAGGAAGACGCAGCGCGGCCGGGCTGGGGCGCAGGGCGGCTTCG 
 GGGCGCCAGGGGGCGTTGTGAAGTCGTGGCCCGCTCCGGGCGGTCTCAGGTGCC 
   
 >16:57091834-57092014 (SEQ ID NO.: 166) 
 AGGCTTGAGCGCCCAGCGACAGACAAGTGTCCTAAGAATTGGTGCCTCTTCTAGGG 
 AAAAGGAGGCCTGGGCTCCAAGGCCTTAAAGACTCGCCTAATTTTCCGCACGGATG 
 AGTAGACCCAGGCCCAGTTCGGATCCGTCTTTATCTTATCGTCTGTGTCAGAGAAAT 
 ATGTCATATTTC 
   
 >16:57536947-57537307 (SEQ ID NO.: 167) 
 TCACTGTTGTTACCTGCATTTTTCCCTGGGCCAGCTCTGCCACCGAGTGGAAGTGGG 
 CCAACAAGTCTGTGCCCATCGGGCCTCAGTTTCTCTTTCTGTACAACAGAAGGGTTG 
 ACGAAAGCAACCTTGCGCTTGTTAAGAGGTGGGGGGCGCGGGGAGCACTCGGCCCG 
 GCGGGCGGAGACTTTTCTCTGCATTGCGATGGTGGTTGGCAGGCCCTGGGGAATTAC 
 GGTACTTCGCCTTCGGGGACGCCCAGCTGTTTTGGGGCTTTCTCTCTATTGGGGGTAG 
 GATGTTTGTGGTCTTGACTGGAAAGCCGGGACAGGCGTCTGGAGGACTCCCCACTAC 
 ATCCTGTACCCTGGAAGGC 
   
 >16:68448640-68449000 (SEQ ID NO.: 168) 
 GCCCGCAGGTTCCTGGGTCTCTCCTTCAAGACCACATCCCCCAGAGACCGGCGGAGT 
 TTCGCACAGCCTTCTGGGACTTATAGTTCTTTAAGGACGCGGAGTGGGCTCACGCCG 
 CGGGTAGGCAAACAGAGCGGGACTGCATTTCCCAGAGTGCACTGAAGACACGGAGG 
 CGCGGAGCAGGGCGGGAGGACCGTTTCCATAGCAAAGACGACCAGCCGAGGATGG 
 CTGGCGGAGGCGTGGGGCAGGCCGCAGGACCCTCGAAGGATCGTGTGAGACCCCGG 
 GCAGCCTCTTGGGAGGCCATTTCGAGGAGAAAACCTTGATTTCTGCCTCAGGACCCT 
 GGGCCTCAGTTTTCCTATCTGAG 
   
 >16:68737031-68737271 (SEQIDNO.: 169) 
 AGTGAGCCACCGGCGGGGCTGGGATTCGAACCCAGTGGAATCAGAACCGTGCAGGT 
 CCCATAACCCACCTAGACCCTAGCAACTCCAGGCTAGAGGGTCACCGCGTCTATGCG 
 AGGCCGGGTGGGCGGGCCGTCAGCTCCGCCCTGGGGAGGGGTCCGCGCTGCTGATT 
 GGCTGTGGCCGGCAGGTGAACCCTCAGCCAATCAGCGGTACGGGGGGCGGTGCCTC 
 CGGGGCTCACCTGGCT 
   
 >16:72787676-72787856 (SEQ ID NO.: 170) 
 ACGCCAGGCAGTGGTACGAGCCGCCGCCGCCGCCGCCGCCGCCACCGCCGCCGCCG 
 CCGCCACTGCCACCGCCGCCGCCGCCGGTGGGGACGTGAAGCACCATCTCTTGCAG 
 GTTCACCACAGACTGGCCGAAGAAGCAGAGGGACTTCAGGTGGCTCCTCGCTGCCT 
 CCTCGTCGCTGAA 
   
 >17:5500469-5500649 (SEQ ID NO.: 171) 
 GGAAAGAAACAAGCATCGAAAGCTACATGAAGGGGGTGCAGCGCTGTTCTAAAACA 
 CAAAATGCCGAGCCCCGTTTTCCCTTTCCCTCCCCGCTCGGTCCTGCGCCCACCCCGT 
 CCCGCGCTGGCCACTCAGGCAAGCTGTAAATGGATATAGGTAAAGATGCAGGAGGT 
 GATGGAGAAGG 
   
 >17:15966446-15966686 (SEQ ID NO.: 172) 
 TTGAGAGCTGGGAATTGATTTCTAAGCCTGGTTTGAGCTGAGGGCCACAGAGCCAGT 
 GCAGGAGGAGACCCTGCCCCAGAAATAGGCCAGTGCTTGTTATGCAGGCCTTGGCG 
 GTTCCCCGTTTCCTTACGTAACCTCAGTGTTCACGCTGTTTCCTTTTGTTGATTCCCTC 
 CGTGTGACTGTTTTTCTGTCAATCTCCTTAGCTAATGAGCTCCTTATAAGGAGAATGG 
 ATGGATCAGAG 
   
 >17:17757263-17758043 (SEQ ID NO.: 173) 
 TGCAGAGTCAGGAAAGATTTCCTGAGCCTGGACTGAGAGGCCAAGGTGGGTTTGCG 
 GAGGCAGGAGAGAGCTCCAGATCAGGAGGCAGTGTGGGCCAAGCCGGGGGGCGGC 
 AGGATGTGAGCACAGAGAGGGCAGCAACCCTTCTACAGACCAGTTCAATTCCAGTA 
 ACCCCAGCCTGCCGTAGGGGTGGGGGACAGCCTGGCTGCAGCGGGGCCCACCTGCC 
 AGTGTGTGCCTTGCCTGCGCTCCACCTTCCCCCTCGGGCACTGCGGCTTTCTTGGGAC 
 AGCAGGACCCCAGTTAAACAGCCCTGTTTCCTGCCCAGCCGTGGCTGCCGCCTCTTC 
 TCGGAGGATTTTTTTTTCCCACAACTCAACAACCACTACCACTTGCAGCTAAGCAGA 
 AGGGAAGTTAGGACTCGCATTTTGCCTCTGTAGCGCCTGTAATCAGCCCCACACAGC 
 CCCCGCCGCAGGCGCCCATCAGTGCCACTTCCGGAGACTACTTGAGATACACCTGCT 
 CACGCTAAAAGGAGAAGCAGTAATCCATCAAAACAACCCCAGGCGCCGGGGCGGG 
 AGAGGCTGAGACTCAGTTTCCCCTCCCATGGAACAGGGCAGTGTTGGGCATCTGAA 
 GTCCCCACGGGTCCTGGCATTCTGGAAGAACACGACTCAGTAGCTTTCCCCTTCTGG 
 GCCTCGGTTTCCCTGTCTGCCAAAGGTGCAGGGAGATGAGCTCCCAGCTCATGCCTC 
 TGGGCCTCCTACCTCGCCCCCACCCTCATCTCTCCCTTTCCAGAGAC 
   
 >17:19744858-19745191 (SEQ ID NO.: 174) 
 GCCCCAAGTCCTTCCTGAACCTCTCTGGGTCGCACTCTCCCCAGCCCCTCCCCCCACG 
 CCCCATCGCATGGCCCCGACACTGGCAGAAGGCGGCCGCCCAGCCTGAGCACCTTG 
 TGCAGGTCTGCGGCCAGCGCGCCCACCAGCTCCTGCTCCTGCTCCTGGATCAGGCGC 
 TGCAGCGCCTCCAGCTGCTGGATCCGGAACTGCAGCGGACGGGTCCTGCCCGAGCT 
 GAAGGCGGCGCGGGCGCGCTTCACGGCCTCGCTGATCTTGCTCATGGCGCCTGGGG 
 ACAGAGAGCACCTGCAGCTGGCTGAGGGGCACGAGCGCGCCCTGCCTCCCA 
   
 >17:19867961-19868141 (SEQ ID NO.: 175) 
 GCCTTGAAGGCCGCAGCGCCAGCCGGCTCCCTCCGCCGGGGAAAGGAGTGCGGCCA 
 GGGCTTGGCGCCCGCAGCTGGGCAGATCCTCGGCCGCTCCTGAGGCGGGGACGAAG 
 GGCGCGACCCGCTGCGGCCACAGCGGGTTACGGGCTGCGGGCTCCGTTCTGGGCCT 
 GGGGAGCAGATTC 
   
 >17:29019967-29020267 (SEQ ID NO.: 176) 
 CCATTTGCGATCGGCACCTGGAGGGGCGCGCCGTGCACAATGAGGGCGGGGCCGTG 
 GGGCTCCGGGTGCGGGCGGCGGCCGAGTGCCCACGTGGGTGCAGGCTAGGCCGGGC 
 TGATTTCCCTGGAACCCCGCGCCGCGTGCTTCCCTGTAATGAGCTCCCAGGGCCCGA 
 GGTGAGCTTCCTCGGCTGCTCACACGGCAGCCGCGTGGCAGCAAAGAACACGGGGA 
 CTTTTTTCTTCCGTGCCTGACAGCTCATTAGAAGAATTAATTTACTCTAGCGTTTGCA 
 GTTTAAAGGACATTATTT 
   
 >17:56834692-56835015 (SEQ ID NO.: 177) 
 CGCCCGGTTTGGCCCCGGAAAGGCAGGAAGGGGGCGGGGAAGGGATGGCGAGCTC 
 GGGGTGCACCGCCTGTTTCTTTTCTGGTTAGGTATCGTCCTTGGAGAAGATGGAAGC 
 GGAGAGGCGGCCGGCGCCGGGCTCGCCCTCCGAGGGCCTGTTTGCGGACGGGCACC 
 TGATCTTGTGGACGCTGTGCTCGGTCCTGCTGCCGGTGTTCATCACCTTCTGGTGTAG 
 CCTCCAGCGGTCGCGCCGGCAGCTGCACCGCAGGGACATCTTCCGCAAGAGCAAGC 
 ACGGGTGGCGCGACACGGACCTGTTCAGCCAGCCCACCTACT 
   
 >18:46756320-46757040 (SEQ ID NO.: 178) 
 CACCCGGGGGCTCGCCGGCCGGCTCCGCGCATCCCGCCCTCTCAATGGACTTTCTTA 
 CCTCTTAATGTAGTTCCTGCCATACAGGATCTGTTGCAGCAAGGTCACCAAGGCAAA 
 GGCGCAGATGAAGATGAAGAGCAAAGTTCGGCTCCCCAACAAATCCCGGTTGGCCG 
 AGGGGTCCGCGTAGCGCATCCTGGCTACCGGGCGCCGCGGGCGCGGGGTACGGGGC 
 GGCCAGGCAATGACTCGCGGGGTTCCGGGGCCCCGGGGGGCGCGCGGCCGACTTGG 
 CGCCTCACGGTGCGGTCAGGCAGGCGGGGGACTTCGAGGGGCAAAGTTTCTGGTTG 
 GCGCGGCCGGAGCTGGGGGCATCCAAGCGTCGCAGGCGCTGGGGCGGCAAGCAGG 
 ACAGGGCCGGTGGCAGGGAGCTCTGCCGCGGCCAGGGGCCTTCCCCACCCCCGGGT 
 ACCTTTACCTCCAGGCGCCGGTGCCGGGTAGCCGCCGATTTCCCCGCGGAGGGGAG 
 ACGCCAGGTGCCACGAGCCGGAGGCGGCCCCTCCCGCCGAGGTGGCGGCCAATGGG 
 GAGCAAGACCCGGGCTCCGTCCCCTGTGCGCCCCAGCGCGCCGCGCATCGACCCCTC 
 CAGTCCGGCGCCGGATCGCGGTTGCCCAGCGCGCTGTGCCCTGCCGGGGGCGGGCC 
 ACGTTTGATCTCCGGGCCCGCAGCAAGGGATCGCGAAGGTTGGCCTC 
   
 >19:4328597-4329017 (SEQ ID NO.: 179) 
 CTGCTTCTGACCACGCCCCCGCGCCCACCCTCTTCCCACCCTCCTCCCACCCAGGGCT 
 CTCCAGACGCGCATGCGCACCCGTTGTGCATCTGCCGCGTGGTGACCGACACGCCGT 
 CGGCGCCGTCCCCGCTGGGCCGCAGCAGCAGGTTCCCGCACTCGGGGTAGCGCTCC 
 AGGAGCAGTTGTGCCTCCAGCCGGCTCACCTTCAGGAAGCACCTGTGGCGGGCCGC 
 GTCACCCACTCGGGACCCCGGAGACCAAGTCCGCTCTTCTGCACGTAAACCCTGCCT 
 CCTCTGAGACCCAGCCCCATCCCCATCCCCTAGGCCCAGGAGACCCTGCCCTGCTCT 
 CCAGACCCAGGCCCCTCCCACGGAGACCCAGTCCGGCCTTCCAGGCTCCTAGTTTTT 
 GTGGGGTTTTTTGTTTTTTTTTT 
   
 >19:12867684-12868104 (SEQ ID NO.: 180) 
 GGGTCGAAGGGGGCGTGTCTTCCATAACCACGCCCCCTCCATGCAGCAAGCGATTCT 
 CCGCGTCCGAGGCCAGTTTCCTGGAGGGAGAGGCCAGTCCCCCTTTGGGCGCCCGCC 
 GCCGTTTCTCGGCGCTGCTGGAGCCCAGCCGCTTCAGCGCCCCCCAAGAGGACGAG 
 GATGAGGCCCGGCTGCGCAGGCCTCCCCGGCCCAGCTCCGACCCCGCGGGATCCCT 
 GGATGCACGGGCCCCCAAAGAGGAGACTCAAGGGGAAGGCACCTCCAGCGCCGGG 
 GACTCCGAGGCCAGTGAGTGCCCTATCGTGCTGCCTTCCCCAATCTTCCCCAATGTC 
 CTACTGGTCATATAGTGAGCATCCCACGAGCCTGGTGCTGTTTATGAAAGATCTCAG 
 GTCCTATTCACATTGCAATTTGGGAT 
   
 >19:15551391-15551571 (SEQ ID NO.: 181) 
 GTGCGGCGGAAGCCGGAGCTCATACTGCGCACGGAGAACGGGCTCTGGCTCAAGGT 
 GGAGCCGCTGCCTCCGCGGGCCTGAGCGTGGGCGCGCCCCTGCGGCTCCCGAGGGT 
 CCAGGCCCCGCCCCCAAAGGACCAGGACTCGCCCCAAAGATCCCGAGGGCATAGGC 
 CACCCCCCTCGAA 
   
 >19:18438234-18438414 (SEQ ID NO.: 182) 
 TGGAGACCCGGTTCGAGGCCCGACAACCCAGAGCCACCGTGGCCATCGGGTCCCCG 
 CCTGGCGGAAGTGGCCAGGCGTCCACGAGCGCGGCGCGTATAGGTTCACCTCGCTC 
 GCTCCGCAGCCCCCAGGGGCTCATGGCTGCCTATCCCCCCTTTACAAGAGGACAATG 
 AGGCTACACATG 
   
 >19:19618353-19618696 (SEQ ID NO.: 183) 
 CGTTCCGTTTGAACCCCATACATCCCTTCGTCCTCGGGACCCCCCTCCAGCCCTCCTC 
 AAGCGCCCCTCGTCAGTCTGGCCTCCACGCCCCGTCCCCTCAGCCCGCCAACCTCAC 
 TGCCACGACCCTGCGTGGCCCCTGCCGAGCCCGCGGGCAGCACCTGGCCTGTGCCTC 
 GTCCAGGCTCTGGTCGGTGATGGCCATGATCTGCTGCAGGACGTCGCTCGTGTCGAG 
 GCGCCGCGGGGCGGGGGGCGATGGCGCGGGGCGCGGCGGGGCGGCCATGAGCGGC 
 AGGGCCGGGCGGGCGCTGTGAGGGTGCCGTCGAGCCTGGAGCACTACCACTGGCGC 
 CGCA 
   
 >19:20238353-20238533 (SEQ ID NO.: 184) 
 GGGCCACAGAGGCTGGGCCTCCAGGAGAATAGGACACAGACCAGTGAAGACGAGA 
 CCTGAAACGCCGGCTGCAGCTAGAGACAAAGGCCGCGCCAAAAGCGGAAAGCCGT 
 CCTCGTCGCTCCAGCTGCGTGCCTGATTGGACGGTTTCCAGCCCAGCGTCTCTGATT 
 GGATAATGCTTTAG 
   
 >19:20424875-20425055 (SEQ ID NO.: 185) 
 AGCAGAGAACACAGAGCAGTGAACAAGAGATCTGGAGCTCCAGCGGCAGCAAGAG 
 ACAAAGGCCGCGCCATACCAGAAAGCCGTCCTCTTCGCTCCAGCTGCCTGCCTGATT 
 GGAGGGTTTCCAGACCAGCCTCCCTGATTGGATTATGCTTAAGGCTCTGCCCCCTCA 
 GTACCTGAGTGA 
   
 >19:47243022-47243202 (SEQ ID NO.: 186) 
 CTGCTTGTCTCTGGGACGGTGTGTGTGTGTGTGTGCGCGCCGCTGTGATTGTATGTCA 
 GCGCGCTTCGCTGGGTGTCGGGGGAAGGTGCGCGTGTCTCCAGGCCTCCTGCCCGAG 
 AACAGCGGCGCTGCTCTCTGATTGGCCGCGGCCGCGCCAGTGAGAAGCTCCCGAAT 
 CCTGCGGTAA 
   
 >19:47754579-47755119 (SEQ ID NO.: 187) 
 AGAAGCTGGAGCGGCAGCTGGCCCTGCCCGCCACGGAGCAGGCCGCCACCCAGGTG 
 AGCCCCGCACCTGCCCACTCCCTCCCCTCCCCGGGCCTCCTACCCACCCCTGACACT 
 GCACCCCGCCTCCCCAGGAGTCCACATTCCAGGAGCTGTGCGAGGGGCTGCTGGAG 
 GAGTCGGATGGTGAGGGGGAGCCAGGCCAGGGCGAGGGGCCGGAGGCTGGGGATG 
 CCGAGGTCTGTCCCACGCCCGCCCGCCTGGCCACCACAGAGAAGAAGACGGAGCAG 
 CAGCGGCGGCGGGAGAAGGCTGTGCACAGGCTGGTGAGCGCCTGGGCCAGCGGGG 
 CCTGCCTCTGATGCCTCGCCCCCTTCCTTCCTTCCTCCCACCATGGGCTGCCCTGGGT 
 GCTGCGGGCAGCCTGCACACCCCAAGCCCCGCATGTGGCCTGTGGTTTGGGCTGTTT 
 GGGATCCTCACAGCTGAGACTCATTTCCCAGCCTCTTCCAGGCAGGGCTCGGGCTGG 
 GGTGGGACAGGGTCCCTGGCGCTTCTGTTTGAGG 
   
 >19:49142732-49143092 (SEQ ID NO.: 188) 
 GTTCCCCCATCTCTCCGATTTTCTCCTCCTCTGTCCCTCTGTCCCCTCTGTCCCTCTGT 
 CCCTCCGCTGCAGCTGTGGGTGGGCATGCCTGCCTGGTATGTGGCCGCCTGCCGGGC 
 CAATGTCAAGAGCGGTGCCATCATGGCCAACCTGTCAGACACGGAGATCCAGCGCG 
 AGATCGGCATCAGCAACCCGCTGCACCGACTCAAGCTACGCCTCGCCATCCAGGAG 
 ATGGTCTCGCTCACCTCGCCCTCAGCCCCCGCCTCCTCCCGCACTGTGAGTGTCCGG 
 CGGCCAATTCCAGCCTTCGCTTCCTCAGAGCCCCGCCTCTTGCCCTCAGTCTAGCCA 
 ATCCTGGGCCTGCTCACTC 
   
 >19:50050361-50050716 (SEQ ID NO.: 189) 
 CCTCTCTGAGCCTCAGTTTCTTCAGTGGACTCAAGAATGATACTCAGTGTAAGGATT 
 CTCAAAACGAGCATCAGCAGGTTCCGCCCACGCCGGCCTCCTGGGTTCAGTTCTCTA 
 ATAACCACCTCCCTTCCCCGCCTACTCCAGCCAATCCTTGTGCTGACTCGGCTCCTGG 
 CCACGCCCTAACCCCACCCCCGCTGCCTCTAAACCCGTCCCCACCCCTGCAGCCTCA 
 CAGGCTGCCGTCAGATTCTCAAGCCCCTATTCCTCTCGGTGGCCTAAATCCCCAACT 
 GCTCGGGGCCACTTTTCAGGCCAAAATGGGCCCAAAATGGGGAGGGCAAGTGATGA 
 ATGTCACTAGACAG 
   
 >19:53254542-53254962 (SEQ ID NO.: 190) 
 CAGAGAAGAGTTTTAAGCAGAGAAACGACGCGGTGGGCGGTCGGTGTCCACACTGA 
 CCTAAAGCAAAAAGGTCGGGGCCAGTACCCACTTCAGAACGATTTTAATCCGAAAT 
 GGACGCAGATCTCTAGACCCTCTCGGAGCGACGGGACTGGGAACGTCTTAGGGCCA 
 CGCCGCGAGAGGAATGAGCAGGTTCGGGGTTTTAACCTACAGGGCGACCCCAAAAC 
 CCGACAGCGGAGCGTGGGAACCTGTGGCCCGCGAGGCGCAGGCTTGAACCCGAAAG 
 ACGGAGACTCACCCGAGAGCGCCAGTAGCCCCGCGAGATCCGCTTCCGGGTCGGCA 
 GGAACCTGCGCGTACGCGAGTGCACTGGGGCGGCGCAAGGGGCAAGGGCAGGGGC 
 AGGGCGCGGACAACTGTGGGGATGGGCGGG 
   
 >19:53866337-53866517 (SEQ ID NO.: 191) 
 GCTGAGCATCCGCAGCCGCCACCAGGCCCCGCCCAGCGGCCGCAGCCAGCCAGGCC 
 GCGCCCGGGACGACTGCAGAGCGCGGTGAGTGAACGCGGCCAGAGGGAGGGACTC 
 AGGCGTCCCAGGTCCCCGCCCTGCCCCTCCCCGGGGGCCCGACATCCCGACCCTCAG 
 CTCCCTCTTTTTC 
   
 >19:53982150-53982330 (SEQ ID NO.: 192) 
 CGAGGAGAAGAAAAACCACTACTCGTACGGCTGGTCCTTCTACTTCGGCGGGCTGTC 
 GTTCATCCTGGCCGAGGTGATAGGCGTGCTGGCCGTCAACATCTACATCGAGCGCAG 
 CCGCGAGGCGCACTGCCAGTCTCGCTCGGACCTGCTCAAGGCCGGCGGGGGCGCGG 
 GCGGCAGTGGC 
   
 >20:23049079-23049259 (SEQ ID NO.: 193) 
 AGCGGAGACAGCGACGCACAACGGGCCGCAGAGGGGAGCCCCATTGAGGTCGAGC 
 CGTGCCCACCTGCTATAGCTGGTGTTGTTGTCTCCCGTAACCCACTGGAAGCCGCGC 
 AGGGGCCCGAGGCGCTTGGGGTCGCCGCAGCCGGGTGGCAGCTGCAGGCCGATCCA 
 GAGGCGCCGGCGG 
   
 >20:23049351-23051331 (SEQIDNO.: 194) 
 AGATCTGACTGGCATTGAGGAAGGTCGCGGGGCCCGGGTAGAGCGCGAAGCAGTCG 
 TGCTCGACGCACTGGCTGCCACCCGGCTGCGGCTCTGCGGGTGCGGGGAACCCCAG 
 GCCGGCCAGGGCCAGCGCGCCAAGGACCAGGACCCCAAGCATGTTACCCAGGCGCG 
 CCGCGTGCAGGCGCCGGGGAAAGCGCGGGCACTGCGACAGGGCCGTGCCGGAGCA 
 GAGGGGCACAGGACGCCGATGGCGACAGCCTCTCCTGTCCGTCCCAGCCCAGACAC 
 TTCTTGCCGCTGCGCGCAGCCCCTGCGAGGCAGCCTCTGACATGCGGATCGGCCAGG 
 GCTCGAGTTTATAAGTGCCCGGCCCTCCCTCCCTGGACGTTCGGGAAAAGGAAGGA 
 AGTGCCTGGTGGGAAGGGCTGATGCCGCATACTCGGATTGCTGGGTTCTCTGGCCGC 
 CCTTGCGCCCGCCCTCGCGCATGGGATCACCTCGCCGGGATGAGTAAACCCTGCCCT 
 GGCGCAGGGAGGTTCTCGGGCGGGGCCGACAGGGGCAGGCGCCAGGGAAGGCCAG 
 CACCCCTGTAACAAGACGACTGTCCCCGCCCACCACTCGGGCCCCCACGCGTGCAGC 
 CCTCTTTCATCTCTTGGTCCTCCTTTCTTTCTTTTCATACATGTTACAGCCACTTCCAA 
 GGAAAGCCTGGATTGCAAGAGCTCTGGGAACCGGAGACTTCAGAGAAGAGGGCTTT 
 GAATGGGGAGTGGGGGAGGTGGTGCACAGGACCTGCAAGACGCTGGGAGGGGTGA 
 TCGGCACCAAGGGCACTTTGGGAGGACCTGCCTAGGACGTGGACTTCCCCGAAGAC 
 AGGATCGCAAGGAGAGACAGCTGGATCCTGTCCGCGGCCAAGGTGCCTGGCTCAGG 
 AAACCAGCGGAGCGCGCTTGGCCTCACAGGACAGTGGGTGTGGCTGGGGTGACGGG 
 GCAGGGTGGGGAAGACTGGCCTAACACCAGCGCCCTCTGCCCCATGGCTGGCCAGG 
 GACCCGCGAGTCCCTGGACACGCACTGGCCAACGCCAGACCCCATCTCATCGGGTG 
 GGGAAGTCGCGGGGACACTGTCAGGGCGCCGAAGTCCGGACCCGGCTCAGAGGCG 
 GTGGCAGGTGAATTGCTGCGGCGCCGGGTAGGGGCGGGCGCGTGGGAGCGAGTCAG 
 CCTGGCCAGTTTCGGCCCAGCTTCCGAAGGATGGTGCTTCTTGCACCCCAACAGAGT 
 GGCTGGCAACCCCCCAGGGGAGCGCGCAGGATCCCAGCTGATCCCACCCGGGTCGG 
 CTAAGGAGGTTTCCATTTCGTCCAGAGTCCGAATTGATACCCACGTGCATAGAAACG 
 CCACTTGCTCGGCAAAGGGCACTGAAGAGCCACCGTCCTGTGGATGGGCAGGGTGG 
 GGGGGGGGCTGGAGGAGGACATGGGAATCCGTCACTTTCGACCTCTTCCGGTGGTTC 
 ACTTACCGGGAATGCGGAAGAGTGGGTCTCCCCCTCGGGTCGCCCCCATAATGGTG 
 AGAGGCAAACTGTTTAAAAACACCCTTGCCTCTCTCCTCTACTGTCCTCACAACGAG 
 CGCCAGGGGGCGGCGCTGTCGAGCTCTAAACAAAGCCAAGGAAGTTGGAGAAGTTT 
 CGGGCTAAAAAGGGTTAAGGTGTAGGAGCACAGAGTCCTCCTTCTGGGGTTGGAAG 
 CTCCGTTCCCGGGCAGCTCAGCGTGGATTCCGCTGCGTTCACCTCTTGCCTCCAGGG 
 CCCAGTAGATCCTGGGCTTTAAACAAGAACAGAGAGTATGGCGTCTGCCACGTGCG 
 ACAGACACGCACCGGTGGGGTGGGCCGGGCTGGACTGGACTGACCTGCAGTGACCA 
 AACGGGTGGGGCGTGGACACTCTGAAAGTGAAAAAGGCAAGCACGACTGTCCCGCC 
 GCACACTCCCCAGCGCCTTGGGGCAGAGAGCCTCCAAACGTCCCGCTGAGTTGAGC 
 TCTTCGCTGGGAA 
   
 >20:43188826-43189486 (SEQ ID NO.: 195) 
 CTCCAGCACCCGCCAACGTGCCTTTAGGAGCACGGCAGGCACCACCCCCCCGCCCCC 
 GCTCCCCCTACTCTGGGGAACTACCTCTGCTCACCGCCTTCCCGTGGCCAAACCCAA 
 ATATGAGTTCCCCGAACTTTTCAGGAGCGGACGCGCTCACGGGTCAAATCCACTCCC 
 CTCCAAGGGCCTTAACACGGGCGCCCAGCTACCTCGGAGAAAAGCCAGCGGGTAGG 
 GCGGAGGTATTGCTCTCGGTCATCAACGCAAACATCCCCTCGGGTGCCTACAGCGGC 
 CTGCTTAGGGGAGCAGCGTGTTCAGAGCAAATGGAGAGCTTCCTGTATCTCCGAGG 
 AAAAAAGAAAAGCCGCCGCCCCGGCAGCCTCGGCCTGCTGGGGACCTGTCCTCCCC 
 ACTAAAAGCGCGCGCTGCCCGAGGAGCTGCCCGGGAGAGAACGCTCCACCCCGGGC 
 GTCGGTGCCGCTCCTCGTCTCGCCGCCCCAAACACTCAAGTGGCAGATTCCGACAAG 
 TGGGAGGCAGCAAGTGGAAATATTCGCAACAACCGCGGAAAGTTACTCCAGCCCGG 
 GGGGCCGGCAGGAAACTGAAGCGGGGAACTTCGCCAAACGCGGGCTGCCGAGGGA 
 CGCGAGGGGCCGGGCTCGCTGGCCGGGGCGCGCGGGGACAC 
   
 >20:48828207-48828567 (SEQ ID NO.: 196) 
 GTCGGAAGCTCGGGGGTCGGGCGGGAGCCTCCGGAAGGGCCCCGCGGAGCCGGGA 
 GTCCGAGGCCGCGCGCACGCCGAACCGAGCGTACCAACTCCGCGCCCGGACGCGTG 
 GCGCCCCCCCAACCCGCAGTCACCGCGGGCTACGCCACTCCCACCCGGCACACGCG 
 ACACCCGCCGCGCGCAGGCTCCTGCTTGCAGGTCCGGCCGCTGCTCGGGCCAAGTA 
 AACACCGGGCTGGGAAAGCTCGCTGCGGAGCCGCTCGGGGGCAAGCCAGCCCCGCC 
 ACGCGCGCCTCCGCGGCCCCGGGAAGTCAGGGGCGACCGCTGCCTGGGCAGTGACG 
 GCCCCTCTCTGGGCAGTGACGGCCCC 
   
 >20:63829922-63830102 (SEQ ID NO.: 197) 
 CTCGGCGCACAGGTGTCTGCGCCCAGGCCGCGCGCTAAACACGTTTCTAATTAGCAT 
 TTCTTTAAACAATGCTGATCACAATCTTGCCACCGTAATCCACTCCAAATGCATCGTT 
 GAGATTGCAGCACGGAAAGCGAGAGAGGAAATTCGCTGCGAATCTCAAACTTTCTT 
 TTGTTTATAT 
   
 >21:26843610-26845470 (SEQ ID NO.: 198) 
 CCCGGGAAAGACCTCCCAAGCAGGTTCTGCGAAGGGGCCCCACCGCCTTCAGCCCG 
 CCTGGGTCAGCCTTATAAGGGGGAAAGGGGACAGAAGTCTGCAGAACAGAGATCCT 
 AGCGTAGCCGCTCAGGGTACCTTCCCAGGTCACCATTGCTCCTCTGCCCTCTCCACA 
 TCCGCCCTCCCGTGAGCGCAGGATGCACGCACAGGCAGCGGTTACAAAACTCAGCG 
 CAACGTTGCAACCCGCACAAAAGGCGCACACAAAATCATTAAAAAGAAATACACAG 
 AGTGGAAAGAACTCGCACAAGCTCCAACTCGCTAAAGGTGGAAGGAGTCAGGTTAC 
 AAACTCTCCCTCCCCGGCCTAAATGCTTTGCTTTAGTTTGCAGAAAATCGTTTGTCAG 
 TTTTTTTCTTGGTTATTCATTATTCGGGCAAATGCAAGTATGTTTTCTAGCTGAGTTC 
 ACCAATCCAAACCTCAAACCACATTCCTCCACTCCAGGCCTCCGTTCTGTCCGCGGA 
 CTTATGATCCTGCCTGCCAGCAGGAGTCTACCCTGAAGTCGCGTGGGATAGATAAAG 
 TGAGGAGAGGAGGATGAATGGACAGACAAACGAGAGCAATTCTTCTACCTGTGGGC 
 TGTCCTACGCCTTGCAGTGCCGGGTCCTGCGGCGACCACTGAGCCCCTTCGTCCTCG 
 CCCTCAGTCCCTTCGTCCTCGTCTTCGGTCTCCGCTTTCCCAGTCGGCCGGGGCTCGT 
 CGTCCACGACCCCGCACGTGCCGCCGACGTCGCCCTGCCGATTCCGCCGCAGGAGGT 
 GGAACTGTAGTGGTGCCGGCGGCTTCTCCCCTGGGGCGGCGGTGGCGAGGCGCTCG 
 CTGGCGGCGGGCAGCGGCTGGATGAAATACGCCTCCCCCAGCAGGTAGAAGGCGCC 
 GCGCACGCCCTCGCAGAGGCTGAGGGCGGCAGCCGAGCTGGGATCGCCATTCACGG 
 TGCCGGAGTAGAAGCAGTGCGCCAGGTCGGTTTCCGGAAGCGGCGTCTCGGACCCG 
 GATTTGCGCCCCACGTTCTGGAGCGTGAAGCCGGGCGCCAAAAAGCTGCTGTCGGG 
 CCGCAGCTCCAGATCCAGCTGCTGGTCAAAGGCGTGCAGGCGGAGGCGCGTGGTCC 
 CGTGTCCCGGGGCGCGCTCCAGCTCCGGCACCACTAGCTCCTCGTCCTCCTCGGAGG 
 GGCGCCCGAGTGCGTCCGACACGGCCAGTAGCGCCGCGGCGAGCAGCAGCAGCGTG 
 GGTACTGGCCCAAAGCTCCGAGACCCCGGAGCCCGCTCCGCGTTCCCCATGTCGCTG 
 CCCAGCTTGCGCCTTCCGAACCCCTCGGGCACAGCTCGCTGCATTGGAGCCCCAGGA 
 GACACCGCTCGTAGCAGCGCACGGAGCGAGGGACCTTTAGTTCGGGTCGGGAGAGC 
 AAAGCCTCGTTGGCCTGCTCTGGATTGTTAAAATTAACAATTTCTATTATTCGTTGGA 
 AGGGCGCGCAGAGCCGGCTACAGCCGAAGCTCCCGGAGTCACTAAAAGGAGGCGCT 
 GCAGTTCTGCCGGCGCGCGGGAAGTTTTTCTTCCAGCGCAAAGTTGGAGACACTGAG 
 AGGCAGGCGCAGGCAGAGTGGCTCTGCTGGGACAAGAAGCGCTCTGGGGCGCCTCC 
 GGGGCTGAGGCAACGCGGAGATTGGTGCCTGGCGCCCCTCTTCGGCCTCCGCCTTGG 
 CTGCGATGTTGCTCACTCTGCTCAGGGCTCTCCCCTCTCCGTCCGGTAGCGCACCCTG 
 GCTTTGCAATAGCCCCTGGCTCGGAGCCGCTTTCCAGCGAGTGCAAGAACCGGGCA 
 GCCGAGCGGTCCTTTTATAGTGGACCAGTGAAACCCCCACCCCCACCCC 
   
 >21:33071136-33071916 (SEQ ID NO.: 199) 
 GCGTCTGGGAGAGCGAGGCCGAGCAAGGAAAGCATTTCGAACCTTCCAGTCCAGAG 
 GAAGGGACTGTCGGGCACCCCCTTCCCCGCCCCCACCCCTGGGACGTTAAAGTGACC 
 AGAGCGGATGTTCGATGGCGCCTCGGGGCAGTTTGGGGTTCTGGGTCGGTTCCAGCG 
 GCTTTAGGCAGAAAGTGCTCGCTCTCACCCAGCACATCTCTCTCCTTGTCCCTGGAG 
 TTGCGCGCTTCGCGGGGCCGATGTAGAACTTAGGGCGCCTTGCCGTGGTTGGCGCGC 
 CCCGGGTGCAGCGAGAGGCCATCCCCGAGCGCTACCTCCCCGGAGCGGAGCACGCC 
 GGCTCCCAGTACTAGGGGCTGCGCTCGAGCAGTGGCGGGGGCGGAGGGGTGGTTCT 
 TTTCCTTCTCCTCCGCCAGAGGCCACGGGCGCCCTTGTTCCCGCCGGCCAGGTCCTAT 
 CAAAGGAGGCTGCCGGAACTCAAGAGGCAGAAAAAGACCAGTTAGGCGGTGCAGA 
 CGGTCTGGGACGTGGCAGACGGACGGACCCTCGGCGGACAGGTGGTCGGCGTCGGG 
 GTGCGGTGGGTAGGGGCGAGGACAACGCAGGGTGCGCTGGGTTGGGACGTGGGTCC 
 ACTTTTGTAGACCAGCTGTTTGGAGAGCTGTATTTAAGACTCGCGTATCCAGTGTTTT 
 GTCGCAGAGAGTTTTCGCTCTTAAATCCTGGGGGTTTCTTAGAAAGCAACTTAGAAC 
 TCGAGATTCACCTTTCGTTTCCCTTTCCCCAAAAGTAGCGTAACC 
   
 >22:24654234-24654594 (SEQ ID NO.: 200) 
 GAGAGGGGCTTGTCACACGGGCCCCTGCCTGCAGTGTGACCCTTCTCAGCTTCTCTC 
 AGCAGCCCTGCCTGCAGAGTGTCACCACCACCATGATCATTTCCCTGACACTGCGAG 
 GGTCGGGGGACGTCCTGGGTAGAGACAGGGCCCGTGGCAGCAGCAGGCTCAGGGG 
 CGCCCTACACTGGTGGGCTGGGGACCTGGTGGAGACCACGCCAAGGGCTGGACAAG 
 GGGACGAGCCTCCACCCTGGCCTCTCCGCAGGCCTCAGCAGCCCCTCCCACAGGCA 
 GAAGGGTTGACACTGGGTTCTGCCCTCACTGCAAGAGCTGCAAGTGCCACGTGCTGT 
 TCTGCCCAATCTGGTGTCTGCAG 
   
 >22:25282006-25282426 (SEQ ID NO.: 201) 
 CAACACCCAAACTAAAACCTCTCACCTGAGTGTAAGGGCGTGCTGACCTTCTTAAGC 
 AGAGAGCTCTTCCATCAGGGGGCTCCCTAAGGGCATCTCTGTTCCTAGCGGCGAAGC 
 CCTCACCCCACTTTGCTCTGCTTAGCCTGAGACACGCAACTTTCTCCAGCCTTTACTC 
 TTCGCTGAATTCTCACGGCGGGCTTGCGGGTACGTTCAGGAGCGAGGTTGGGGGCCC 
 GGCCCGCTGGGCGCTGTTCACAGGTAGCTTGGACCAGAGCAGGGGCTTCATCATTAC 
 CTGCGGGGACAGGTGGGACACATGCATTTCCGGGGTCATCCCAGACCTCCTGGAGG 
 ATGCTGATTGATGCTGTCCCGTTTGAGAACTACTGTGTCCAGGTAGCAGAGGCCTCC 
 CCGATGCCCCTTGAGTAGTGGG 
   
 >X:108732499-108733039 (SEQ ID NO.: 202) 
 CTAACACTGTAGACTGTAGCGCATCGAATCATTAGACAATGACCATTCACTTTAGGG 
 AAATTAATTCTAAAATTACCGACCTCTTTTGGGAGAGTCGAACTGATTATCACGTCT 
 GGCAAAATCCATTCTCACGTGAGTGTCGTCGTCGTTGTCAGAATCTTCTCTCTCCGGG 
 GGTCTTGGCACCCGGCGACTGCGAGGTGGTGGTTCCGGAGCGGCAGCTGCAGCGGC 
 AGCCCCGCCAGCCTGGTTATCACCTCTGGCAAGGTTTGCAGATGGGTTGTGGGCTCC 
 AGGGTTCGAGCCACCGGCAACGTCTTGGGCTCCCCTTACTGCTTCGGCATCAGCAGC 
 ATTAGCAACAGGTTGAAACCAGCGGGCAGAGGCGGAGTCAAATCCAGCAGCTGCGG 
 CTGCTGCGCCGATGCCCGGGGCTGCGGCGAGCGCGGAGGCCGCAGCTACAACTTGG 
 CTGAGGGCTAAAGTCGGCTCTGCAGCCGAAGCGACAGCCGGGGCTGAGGATGGGGA 
 AAGGTCTCTCTCGAGGCTGTCTGTTGGAAAA 
   
 >X:114582244-114582664 (SEQ ID NO.: 203) 
 AAGGCAAGACTAAGCATTCCACATTCATAGAGTAAGGGGACACTTGGGGAGTTTTT 
 AAAGATGAGTGCTTAATTATTTAAAGAGAAGACATACGTTTTCTCTTCCATATTTAT 
 AAATTACTGTTCGCTACCAAAGCATTTCTAAAGATGCGAGCGTTGTGCAGTCGGTGG 
 ACTTGGCAGCGCTGTCGCAGCCACCTGTGCGGCATCATACAGCAGCATTCAACAGAT 
 GCTTCAAGAAAACTGCGATGGGTTTTTGCTTTTCGAAACAGAACTTGGGTGCCGACA 
 GTATGTTCACTGCCAAATTAAATTTCAAAGCCTGAATTCAGTGGCGATGGAGGGAAT 
 CAGAGGATTCCCAAAATGCCCCTTTTGGAATAGACTGGACAGCTCCTTTCACAAATA 
 TGGAAACAGAGGCACAGAGAGAA 
   
 FIGs. 3A-3G SEQUENCES 
 >19:56507424-56508024 (SEQ ID NO.: 204) 
 AATAAGCTTAACACAGAAAGATAATGACACTCCCACGGACTGGCACAGAAGGCCGC 
 GCTCCGAATGACATCGCGATCACAGAGGCACAGACAGCGTCACAAAGCCCCACGCG 
 TACTCACACCGAAGGCTCAGCCGTCGCGCGTTTCCCTCCCAGGCCCCAGGAACTAGT 
 AACTAGGGACGCTTCTGGTCTCTAGGCGAGGAGAGGGGGAGAGCGCAATCTTTGCG 
 CCTGCGCACACTCCTGCTCTTACCCGCCGGAACCCTGGGCCACGCCCGGCTCGCGTA 
 ATCACGCACTGCGCAGGCACCGCCCGCTCTGCTCTAAGGTCCCTCTCACTCCTTCAG 
 CAGCCCGAGGACAATCCCCTCAACACTAGGCCACGCCTTGTCTCCGCCCCTCTCGTC 
 CGACCCCTGGAGAGAGGCTGGCGCCTGCGCGATGGGGGGTTCCAGCGTCGACTCAC 
 GGAGTCCTTCGGATGAGAGCGTCTGGGTGCCAGACGAGGCCGGGGGTTTGTTTTGG 
 GTGGTTTGGGAGTCCGAGCTCGAGGGCTGGGCCAGGAAGGGCAGGCGAGGCGGGC 
 GGCTCCGACGCGGGTCGCGAAGGCCCAGCCGCGTCCTC 
   
 >19:56508112-56508652 (SEQ ID NO.: 205) 
 GGCGTTCGGGGCGGCTTGGGGCGGCGGGACCACTGGAGTGAGCTGTGGGAGAGATG 
 GGGGTGTGCCTGTGTGTAAAAGATCTGTCAGAGTGTGAGGCTCCGTGAGAGGGTGT 
 GGTTTCTGTGTGTGTGTGTGTGTGTGTGTGACAGACCGAGAGTCCAGTGTGAGACCA 
 GGGTATGTTCGTGTGTGACAGAGCGAGACGGGCCAGTGTGAGAGACCAGTGAGTGT 
 GAGAGAGATAGGGATGTGCCTGCATTTGAAAGAGAGCGTGTGAAGCTCAGTGAGAG 
 GTTGCGAGGTGTGTGGGTGTGTAAGTGTGTAACAGACCAGGTGTCCAGAGCGTGAG 
 ACCAGGATGTATTCGTGTGAGAGAGTGAGACGGGCTGGATGGAGTGTGAGAGACCA 
 GTGAGTGTGAGAGATGGGCGTGTGCCTGTGTGTGAAAGGCCGGTCGGTCGGTGGGT 
 GAGGCTCAATGAGAGGCCGGTGTGTGTTCGAGAGAGAGAAGAATCACCATGTATGC 
 GAGACTAGACTGTGCAAGAACAGAGTGTGAGACTGT 
   
 >19:36915828-36916968 (SEQ ID NO.: 206) 
 CTCGTGATCCTCCTGCCTCGGCCTCCCAAACACAACCTCCACCTTTCAGGCCGCTCC 
 GCCCGCAGGGGCCCAAGGCGCCAGCTCCCCATCGGTCTTCGGTATCCTCACCTAAGC 
 CCTTTCCAGTCATCCCGGATGGGAACTTGCAGACCTGAGCCAGTTCTCCTGGGGACC 
 AAAATATCTCACCTCCCAGATCTAAGGGTCCCGCCAGGAGTGACGAAACGTTCGAA 
 TTCCTGCGAGAAAAGTGGCAGGCCACCAGGCCCTCTGGGAAATGTAGTCCAGAGCG 
 GGACCCACGCCGATTCCTGTCAGCTCCTCGCCTGGGCCCACCCGAAACGGCTGCTCC 
 CTCAACTCTCAACATCCAGCCGAGCCTCGGAGTTGCGGGTCGCCGTAGCGCTGCGCA 
 ATGGAGATGAGCCTCCCGGGGAACCCGGCCCAAGCCTCACCCTCACACAGGAAAGC 
 AGATGTGTTCTGGCCGGAAGTTGAGTGGGGCCGCGGGGCCTGCTGGGAGGTGTTGT 
 CCTCGGAAACGTCGCTGGCGCGGAGGGATGGTTCGGCGCTTTAGGCGTCTGTCACAG 
 ACCTATCTGCGGGTCGCCTTCACCCAGCATCTCAGAAACTGCGCGCGGGATGAACAT 
 TCGGGTGTTTCCGGCAGGTGACGCTGCCGAGTCCCCGCAGCAGGGGGCGAGCAAGG 
 GACTCGCGGTTGACGGGACACGGATCCTCTAAGGCCCAGAGTGTCCCGAGTAGCGG 
 CAGTGGGGAGTGCTCAGGGTACGCTAATGGTGAGTGGTTGCAGTTGATGGGACAAA 
 AAACTGTGATGGGAGTTAGTGTGGGTGTGTGGTTGTGTGTGTGAGTGTGACGGCACG 
 AATAATCTGATGGGGTGATTGTGATATTTGGTTGCGCGGGATTATGATGAAATGTGT 
 GATATGTGTGTGATTATGATTAAGGCTGTAGCGAGTGTGAACGTGGCGAAGTGTGCG 
 TGATTGTAATATGTCTAGTAGTTCTTGTCTTGAGCTGGCTTTTCTGTAGCATTTGGCA 
 CAGTTGGTAACGGCTTGAAAAACACTTATTTGTTTTCTACTGATCCTCCCTCCTTGTT 
 GGCCACTCCTCTGTAGTCTTCTTTGCTGTCTTTTTTACCCTAGTAGCCCTTGGCCCTTT 
 GTAA 
   
 >3:151086591-151087491 (SEQ ID NO.: 207) 
 CCCCCTGGAGACAAGGTAGGGGGGAGCAGAGGAGGCAGGCGCCGCGGAGGACCCT 
 GGCCGACCTCTAGTCCCTCCGCCGCCGCCACCGGAGCGGTGCGTCCCGGGGCTCGA 
 GCGCAGCCGAGTACCCGCCGAAGGCTGTCCCCATCAGTGCGTGTCTGCTGCCGGGC 
 AGCGGCAGCATCCAACCTGCTTTATTCCTCCTGCCTGCAGCGCCACAGCGAGCGAGC 
 GAGCGAGGAGGGGGAGAGAGGGAGTCTGTCTGCAAAGTGCTGCTCCCTGGTGCTCA 
 GAGGCGGCTGCTCCAGCTCCAACTCTCATTCATTTCGCCGGTTAACATGAGAGATCA 
 TGGCCGCCTTCGGGCTTCTCAGCTATGAGCAGAGACCGCTGAAGCGCCCCCGGCTCG 
 GGCCGCCCGACGTCTACCCACAGGACCCCAAGCAGAAGGAGGTAAGGGCGCCGGC 
 GGCCTCCCCGGCAACCGGGGCCGCGCTCTGCAGCACTGACCCGGGGCCAAGTTGGC 
 CCAGCGGGCATCGCCGGCGCTGCGGTGGAAGAGGTCGGGGAGGGGGATTAGAGGC 
 GGGGGCCAGGCTGGGGGTGCTGGGCGACCCCCCGGCGGCGGAGACCGAGCGGCTGT 
 CAGTCCCCGCGCTCCACTGGGGCGCTCGCTTTCCATGTGCCGGTCGCTTTCCCGTTGC 
 CGGGCCTTGCACGGCGCCGCCGGGCGCTTCTCGGGCTTCTTCCCTGCCGAAACCTTG 
 CTCGCTCTCACCCGTTTCTGCCTGCTTTATTTTTCTTCTTGCCGCTTCGGTAAATCGTC 
 GTAAACTTTTTGAAAAATGTTGGAATGCAGTGCATCCTACACTGAGGTCTTGCGTTT 
 TGCTTTTGCTGGCCAGGGACGAAGGTGAGGGGGAAGCTTTTCAAATTTTCCAGT 
   
 >4:141132059-141132899 (SEQ ID NO.: 208) 
 AAAGTTAGCCCGCCACGTTGAACCCCTGTCCAAGCGGCGCTATGCCAAGCTCTCCGG 
 CAGCCTCTCCCCTACCCAATACAGTTAATCTTCTCCTCTTTGTAAACCCCCCAAGTGA 
 CGCGGAGCAAAACTTAATCGGTCCAGGGAACCCAGACACGTCTTCCGCGCCGCACG 
 GACTTCCCAGAAGGAGCCTGGAGGCAGGCGCTGGATCCCTCTAGGCACCTCCGTCC 
 CCGCCGGCTCCCCTCCCCCGCGCCCGCTGGGCCACTCACCCGCGTGGGGCATGGTGA 
 TGGTCTCGTTGGTGTTGGAGCCCACGTTGAAGATGACCACGGCTGAGGCGTTCTGCA 
 GGAACGCGTTCCGGATCTTATCCCTGTACGTGCAGTTGCCCTTGGGGATGAGGGCTA 
 TCCAGTTCTTGCCGCGGGTCGGGGCGGCGAACTTGGTGTTGGGGTCGCAGGCCAGGC 
 GGTCGTGGGCCGAGCTGGCCATGACCACCTCCCCGCGGGCGTCCTGCTTGGGCGAGT 
 GCTCTCCGTAGCGCCCGCACTCCGTCTTCTCCGTGTGCAGCTCCGCGCCGCCGCCGC 
 CCGCCGCCCCGGCCCCGGGGTCCGGCGCGGGCTCGGCGTAGGTGATGTTCACGAAG 
 GCGGTGTACCATTCCTCCTTCTCGGCCACGGTAAAGTCCAGGCAGAGCAGATGCACG 
 AAACAAAAGGAAAGCAGCCATGTTGAGAGAGCCAGACTGCAGCACGCTTGGATGA 
 GAGACATTGCCATCTTTATCCGCCGGGGCCCCCTCCCCGCCCCCGCGCCCTCCCTCC 
 GTCCCGTCCCTCCTCCCCAGCCCCGGCCAACCCCGGGCCGCTGCCTC 
   
 >7:35185861-35186281 (SEQ ID NO.: 209) 
 GCTTTTTCAGATTTGGGATCCTCCCCGGGGAGGACCTCCTGGCGCCCCCTGGCAGTT 
 TCCCGCCGCCTAGGGCCGACTTTTCCACCTCCAGCTCCCGGGCGGGGGAGGCCCCGT 
 ACGGCCGCTTAGACGGGCTGGGGCGGGAAGATTGCAGCGGCTTTGGGTTTACTCCTT 
 GTTTCTTCATAATCCCTAGTGGAGCTGGGTCAATTTCAGGCACAGCCCATCCGAGTC 
 AGGCGAGGTCCAGAAAGGCCTGACTCGCCTGGCAGCCTCAACGGACTTGTCCCCGC 
 AGCCGTTGACTAGCCGTTGACGAGCGGACCTCCCGGTCGTCATGGCGACTGTGAAAT 
 GTAGGGTGGAGCGCATGCGTTCGAAGCCATTCGCGCGGGCAGTCCCTGCGTGTCCCC 
 CTGCGTGTCCCCCCACGTGCTCC 
   
 >7:141072108-141073057 (SEQ ID NO.: 210) 
 ACTCCGCAGCCGCTCTCAGCTCAGTCCTAGGTGGAAACGCCTGTAGCTTGCAAGGTA 
 GCGCCTGTGGCTTTCTGGGGAAAAAAAGATCAAATGCCTCCCAAGACACCAGCGAC 
 CCAAACCGGGGATGCAGGGAGCTCGCTTGGCCCCTTTGAAGGCCGACTCCGCAATA 
 AGCAGTTTTTCCTTTAAATAACCGTAGTGGATTTGAGAGAATTTTCCATGGCTGAAA 
 AGAGAAACAGGAGCTGTAGGCAACATCCCTAAATTTATAATAATGCATGTAAACAT 
 GCTACATACCACATATATGTATATGTGCATAAATATGGATGTGGTTGGGCACATACC 
 TATCTAGACACCATTGACTTGCCTGGTCAAAGAATAAGACTTAGACATTTCGTGCCT 
 GGGAAATGGTGCAGTTTATCTTTAAGGAGACTAGAAAAATAAGAGATGAGGCTCAC 
 GTTGCACGGATGACATCACTAGCTTTTGGCTGCGCGCTCGGTGTTCTCGTCTGTGGGT 
 TTTAGCCAAGGCTGCAGCTACCCGCGCCGGACGAGAGAGCGCGGCAGCAGCTTCCT 
 CCGGCGCCCGCACCCGGGCAATGCGATTTCCCCAGTCCCCTGGGCGCAGCCTGGGCT 
 CTCGCGCCTCCCGGGCACCAGCCGAGCCTGCGAGGCCTCGGAGCCGCCGCGGCTAG 
 AGGAGGAGGCGACGAGGGGAAGCCGAGTGACCCAGCCTCCCTCCCCCACCCTCTCC 
 CCATTCATCTCGGCGACCACCGCGCGCCGGGAGCCGGATCGTGGGACGCCGAGGCC 
 AGGACGGGATTCTCTGCACGCTGTCGAGTGAGCCGGCATCTCGGCGCCCGGGTGGG 
 CTGCGAAGAAAATGGTGCAATCTGAGAGCGACTGAGCCCAGCTGGGCAGAGCAGAC 
 GGGGTGCCAGAGTGCCAAGGGCTCAGGTGCCTGGAGAAAGGGGCGGA 
   
 >9:21970722-21971382 (SEQ ID NO.: 211) 
 CCCATTTGCCGCCCTGGCGGGGCAGGGCGATAGGGAGACTCAGGCCGTCCCACCGA 
 TTGGCGCGTGAGCTGAGGCAAGACCGGAGACTGGTCTCCCGGGCTGAACTTTCTGTG 
 CTGGAAAATGAATGCTCTGAGCTTTGGAAGCTCTCAGGGTACAAATTCTCAGATCAT 
 CAGTCCTCACCTGAGGGACCTTCCGCGGCATCTATGCGGGCATGGTTACTGCCTCTG 
 GTGCCCCCCGCAGCCGCGCGCAGGTACCGTGCGACATCGCGATGGCCCAGCTCCTC 
 AGCCAGGTCCACGGGCAGACGGCCCCAGGCATCGCGCACGTCCAGCCGCGCCCCGG 
 CCCGGTGCAGCACCACCAGCGTGTCCAGGAAGCCCTCCCGGGCAGCGTCGTGCACG 
 GGTCGGGTGAGAGTGGCGGGGTCGGCGCAGTTGGGCTCCGCGCCGTGGAGCAGCAG 
 CAGCTCCGCCACTCGGGCGCTGCCCATCATCATGACCTGCCAGAGAGAACAGAATG 
 GTCAGAGCCAGGGTGGGGGCCGGCATGACGGAAAGGAAGCTTGTGTAGAGCCCCCT 
 CACCGCCAAGCAGACCCCCACACAAGCCCCAGGTGTCTAATTACCCCTACATTTGCT 
 TCCAGTTTCCAATTTCCTTCTTGAGTTCTCTATCCATTCTT 
   
 >15:64823877-64824537 (SEQ ID NO.: 212) 
 CACAGGGCTGATGGTGACGAAGTCGCGGGGCCGCGGGCCCAGCAGCTGCGCTCGGG 
 CGGAGGCCGGCCCGGGACCCGGGGCCGCAGCCAGCTTGAGGCGCAATGTGCGCAGG 
 AAGCGGCGCAGGCGGTCTGGGGGGCAGTCCGAGAGCAGCAGCTGCACTGCGCCGGC 
 CCCGGGGGTGTCGTGGGCGGGGAGCCGCAGGGTGCTGCGCCCGGCCTCGGCGAAAC 
 GCGTGAAGAGGCGCGCGGCGCGCAGAGGAAAGCAGCGCGGCCGCCCCGCGGGCCC 
 TGGCGCTTGCAGCCGCAGCATCAACTCGCGGCGCTCGTTGCGACCCAGGCTCAGCTC 
 CGCGGTGCGCAGGGCCTGGCGCCTTCGCGGCTGCCCGCCCGGGCTCAGCTCCTCCAC 
 AGCCACGCGGCACCGCAGCTCCGAGTCCTCATATTCCCCTGCCGCCGCCTCTATGCC 
 CGAGAGCATCGTCACCGCCTCTGCTGGTCTGCGAAGACACCGGAGCACAGGGGTCA 
 TGAGGATTCATGAGACGTAATGGGTGCTATAGGGGACGTAATGGGTGCTATAAAGG 
 ACGTGACAGGGAGCAGGGTCAAGGCTACACAAGATCACGAGGACTGTCACTGGTAA 
 CACAAAGAGGTCACAAAGACGGAGAAAGGGCTTTGGGCTAACC 
   
 >15:79089695-79090115 (SEQ ID NO.: 213) 
 CGAGGAGCTAGCGCAGACCGCTCTCCGCCCTCAGCTGCGGCGAGGCAAGGGCTGGC 
 AGCGCTCGGACGCCTCCGTCTTGCCCTTCCCATGCCTAAGCGCGGGGAATTACACGT 
 TCCCGGTGTAGAACAGACGATCGGGGCTATTAGGGCTGGGCGGTGGGAGTGGGGGT 
 TGGGAGCACCATTTTTGGCTGGACGTGTGTCCAGACTCATCGTCTCTGGTCCTTAGG 
 ACCCCATCTTCCTCTGCATCTCCAGGTGTCGGCCCCTCTGTACCCGCCTCCCACGGGG 
 CTCGTCCGGCGAAGGGCAGCCGCAGCCCACATCTACTCCCCGCCCTCAATCCCTGCC 
 CCCTCTGCCCGCCGCAGTCACTCGCCTGGCTGGGAGCAAGCCTCCCCTCTCGCTGAG 
 GGTGCAGAGAGCGCCTAGGGCGC 
   
 >16:70737472-70738072 (SEQ ID NO.: 214) 
 ATCCTGCAGAGGGCAGGAGCATGAGGGAGAGTGCCATCCCTCAGCTGAAGGCCACT 
 GTGCCTTGTATTTCTGGTTTGGGCAAGTGAGGAGCCTGCCAGCCCCTGGCAGGAAGT 
 GCACGTGACCGGCGGCTGGCCAGGGGCACAGAGACGCACTCCACACAGAAACCCA 
 GGCTGGCGGGGTGGGCGGCCGGGGAGCCAGCCCTGCAGATGTTACTAAGTGAAACC 
 TGATGTGGTGACATGAGAATCCACAGAACGTCTCACAAACAACCTGCCCCGGGATG 
 TTTTGGATTGAGTTTTGTGGTTATGACGTGAAGAAACCTCACATGTCAGGATAAAAA 
 TAACCCTGGCTTCAGTACATAACGCGAGTTACAGTTCAACAGAACCAGATGTGAAA 
 ACGTCAGCCACCCAGTTCAGGCCCAGCAGGGTCCCTGCTCCACTCCGGCCTCCCTCC 
 CTGCTGGGGTTGGGGTCCATGTGCCCGGACAGCCCGTTGTGGGCTCAAGATCTGCTG 
 CCTGGAGGATACAAGGGAAGGGCCAGAGGCCGCTCAGGGGAGGCAGCACCACCTT 
 CTCCGAGGCCAGCTCCTCTTCTGTGAACCAGGCAGGGCT 
   
 >21:31343623-31344643 (SEQ ID NO.: 215) 
 GGTCGGGAGCCACAGCTTCTGAATATTCCTTCGGAACTTTTTTCTCACTTGATTCCCA 
 AGCCTGTCATGGGGTTCTTTTTCAATGGCACTGACCTGCAATTACCCAACGAGCAGC 
 GGGACAGCCCCGGGCAGGACGCATCCTGGGTGGGTGACGTGATCCCGCAGTCTCCT 
 CCCCGACCCCATATCCCATACAATGATCCTCGCTTACAGAAGTCAAGGGGGAAAGA 
 TGACGCTTTCAAAGCCCGAATCTCTTTACCCTGGAGCCAGAACCAGCGTCGCCGCCG 
 TCCCCTGCAGCTCAGCCGGCAACGCGCGCCGAGCCTCGGGGCGCAGCTTGGAGACG 
 CGCTTGCTCGTTCTGGGAAGGGGCACGGGACGCACGGTTCCCCGGCCCCAGCTGCA 
 CAGCTCAGCTCGGGGCTCTCACCTATCCTCGTTCAGAGCCACATTCGGCTGCCTCCC 
 CTGACCACCCGACACAAAGAGATTCGCCGGTGGAAAGAATCGATTTCAAAATTCAA 
 GCTCACCGCTGCTCAACAAGGCGCGCACGTTTCTCCCCGTCTGGCTTCACATGTCCC 
 AAACTTCCAGTAACAGAAATGAGGAAGCAGCAGCCTTCCCCGGCTGCTGGCGGAGG 
 CAGTGGGTGTAACTTGTGAAGTTTCGTGCTATGATGAATCTGGTCACTTGGGTGTGT 
 TGGAGAGGGTTGGTCGCTCCTCCCTTCCTCCTCCCACCATCACCTCCCTCCTCTCCGC 
 CTCCCTCTCCAATTTAATTCTTCCCTCTGGCATTCGCCGGCTGTCACTCAGAATCCCA 
 GCACCCTCCCCACCACATCCTTGGGGGCAATGTATTTCGAAAAGGTCTTAACCATTT 
 TACGGATGAACCTGGTCACCCTGCACAAAGCGTGAGTGCTTGTCAAATAATTTTCTA 
 CAGCACGTGGCAAAAAAGCAGCGCCTCTTAAAAGATATAAAAGGCCAGCAATGTTA 
 CATAAGCGCCCCCCACCAGCCCTTCAAGGACAGAAACGTGGGTAGTTCATTCAGTG 
   
 >10:75407325-75407565 (SEQ ID NO.: 216) 
 GCAAGAAACGGCTCCCGGCTCGCGTGTACGCCGACACCTCGGCCCAACGCAGGACT 
 CGAGGTGGTTTCTAGTGCCCGGGTGGCTGCAAGTCTGCCCTCCGAGGGAGGCTGGAC 
 AAGCGGCGCCCCCAGGTCGAGCGGCCTCTCGCTGCCTGGCAGTGCCTGGCAGCCCC 
 CACCTCTGCCAGTGCTTCGGAAACCCGCCTGGCCAGGTTCGCCCGCGGTGAAAAATG 
 AAAGCAAATTCCCCA 
   
 >10:75407574-75408594 (SEQ ID NO.: 217) 
 AGCCGGAACTTTCCTCGACGAAGGCTCCCTCCTGCGCCTGTGTCTGGAGAACCCCCA 
 GAGCGCTGCAAGTTAGCAAGAGAGATTCGATGGCGGCTCTGGAAGGCGCACGAAGG 
 GTGGGGCGGGGGAGCAAAGAGGCCACTGGGTGACCCAGCCTGGTCCGGGGTGAAA 
 CGCTAGAGAAGGCGCCTCGCCTTCCTTATTTCAATGCAACTCCTCGGCCCCAGACGG 
 TAAAAATAGTTTCCAAGCTGCCGCGGACGCCCAGGATGTGTTTGCAGAGATCAAACT 
 GGGGAGGAGGCAGCTTTGTAAAAGTTGCAGAAAGATTAGCCGAGAAGCGTCCGCCC 
 GGCGGGGCTCAAGAAAGCTTGGGGACAGCTCCATGTTCCTTGGGGCGGAATGGCCC 
 AAGAATTGGCCTGGGTAACCCCCTGCCCAGTTCTCTGTCCTCACTTCGAGCCAGTGC 
 TTAAATAACTTCCCGCCGCCTGCCCTGCAAACTTCCCGGCGCGGCGCCGTTGAGGCC 
 AGGACACAGCAAAGGCTAGCAAAACCCCGCCGCGGCGCGCTCGGCCCCGGCCCTGA 
 GAGGCTGCGCGGGTGGGAGGACCAGTGTGGTTTCTGCTCCCACTCGGCTGCCCAGA 
 CCCTCAAGACCGATCCCCCAACTCCTGGGAGCGGGTGCTTCCCTCTGGGAGCCGAGA 
 TCTTGCGGGGCCAGCGAGGGCGCAAAGTGCGCGCGCTGGCCCGCGCGGGGGCGGCC 
 GCGCGTCTCTCCGCGGGGCCTGTCGCCAGGCCGGCCGCGGCGCGTGAGTGATGAGG 
 GCAGAGAAGGGCGCCCATAAATCGCGGGTGTCAGGGCGAAAAACTCTCTTTATTGT 
 CTGCGTGATGGATGGGCCCGGGGACGAGACACCAAATACTTCGTATCGCCTTTAAAT 
 GGGAACACATTTTCCGCGGCCATAATTCATGTTTTTTAAATAGAAAGTTTGAAATGT 
 TGCCTATATTTCACCAGCCCTGACATATTTATGAATCGCTCCCTGCATGCAAATATCA 
   
 >10:75408705-75408885 (SEQ ID NO.: 218) 
 AGGGTGAGGTGCGGTGAATAGCCGTATCCGGAAACCGAGCGTGCCCCGGGCTTCTT 
 TCCCGCCGCCAGACCCCGCACAGCCGCCCTGGGACGTTTTTCGAGGCTTGGGACCTA 
 AGACGGGTCCCCGGACCCTGCTGGGAAACCAGGGGGCGTTTTTCGTCCCTCTCTGAG 
 GCCATTATCCA 
   
 >1:159200739-159201039 (SEQ ID NO.: 219) 
 TGGGCAGGGTGGACTCAGAGGTTGGGAAGCTGCTCCTGAGAGGAGAAGCCTCTGTC 
 TCTACACAGGAACCTACCTGACACATGAGGCAAAAGGCTCCGACGATGCTCCAGAC 
 GCGGACACGGCCATCATCAATGCAGAAGGCGGGCAGTCAGGAGGGGACGACAAGA 
 AGGAATATTTCATCTAGAGGCGCCTGCCCACTTCCTGCGCCCCCCAGGGGCCCTGTG 
 GGGACTGCTGGGGCCGTCACCAACCCGGACTTGTACAGAGCAACCGCAGGGCCGCC 
 CCTCCCGCTTGCTCCCCAGCC 
   
 >4:40198301-40198661 (SEQ ID NO.: 220) 
 GGCGAGACTGACCTGGAGATGATAAGGCCAGTTGAAGAGACACTGGAGAAGAGAA 
 GACAGTTTGTTTTACACATTGCAGGAAATCAGATTAGACAGTTAGGGTGTGGACACA 
 AAAGCGAGGACCTTGCAGGCACTGGGGAGAAGTGACCCCATTCAATAGTCCTTGGT 
 CTCCTTCTGCCCTGCGGCTGCGCTTCCTCGGCTCTCACGGCACCAGCAGAATTCCAT 
 GTGAGAGGGAGCTTGTCGAGCGTGGCCTCTTCCCACTTGGGGCTGCTTTCTGCATCC 
 CTGTGCCTGGCTGTGGGCCTCCATTTGCCCTCTACTGTCTTCCCTTAGGACATCATTT 
 ATGCAGAGAAAGGTTCGTGTG 
   
 >7:100785927-100786167 (SEQ ID NO.: 221) 
 GGGATTACAGGCGTGAGCCGCCGCGCCCAGCCCCCTCCTCACTCTCTTTCTCTTCCTG 
 TAACTTCTACAGCTGGGCAAGAGCTGGGTCTCCAGCGGTTGCACGGAGAAGTGTGTC 
 TGCACGGGAGGAGCCATTCAGTGCGGGGACTTCCGATGCCCCTCTGGGTCCCACTGC 
 CAGCTCACTTCCGACAACAGCAACAGCAATTGTGTCTCAGACAGTAAGGGGAGCGA 
 CCGGGGAGGTTGG 
   
 >8:98948170-98948530 (SEQ ID NO.: 222) 
 TAGATGGGGCTGAGGGCAGAGGAAGGAAAAAGAAAACCTCCGAGGTCAGTGCGGG 
 GCGAGGTGAGCCCCTCCCAGGGCCCTCTGGCCCAGGAGGATGAAGCGCGCCGGCTT 
 CGCTCTTGCACGCCGGCTTGCCATCCGGGTAAGCGCGGGAAAGGCGGCCACAGGGC 
 GCGGCGGCAGCGCAGCGCGTGGGATCTCACGACCCATCCGTTAACCCACCGTTCCC 
 AGGAGCTCCGAGGCGCAGCGGCGACAGAGGTTCGCCCCGGCCTGCTAGCATTGGCA 
 TTGCGGTTGACTGAGCTTCGCCTAACAGGCTTGGGGAGGGTGGGCTGGGCTGGGCTG 
 GGCTGGGCTGGGTGCTGCCCGGCTG 
   
 >15:96947637-96948417 (SEQ ID NO.: 223) 
 CTGTCCTATCTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTCAGAAAAGATAGCCTAAAAGG 
 GTTAAGAATCCCAGCAAGACACAACATAGATGGGCTGAAAACTCGTGGCAGGATGG 
 AAGGGTATAAAGACGCCGGGGAAGTGGCTGGGGAATAATAAAATAAGAGGGAAGC 
 TAAACCAGTGACCCTTGTCGGCAGTGAAAAGCGGGAGATTAGAAAATGTTTCATGC 
 TAATTTCCATGGAGATTTCTTTAATTTAGCGAAGACTGCTTCCCGGGCTCCGCCTGGC 
 CCGCGCCGGCCCGCGTCCTCGGTGGTCTGGGCGCCCCGGCTGAGCCGCTAGCGGGTC 
 ACTCGGGCGGCTCCGACGTCTCTATCAGCCGCGCCCGCGCCGCCCGCCTCCCCGCGC 
 TGCTGCCCGGCTCTCGGGCTCTCGCTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTCTTTCCGCGGCAGTCTT 
 AGGATTCTTGTCACATGATGGCTTCATCGGGCCCTTCTCCTCCTGATCCTTTCAAGCT 
 CTTTCTCCTGCCTGGCATATCAAAGGAGATTTGTGGGTCACCGAGCCGGGACGCAGC 
 ATATAAAGTCATCAGCCTGGCCGGCACCACCTCGATCATTTGCCGCATTGTTCTTGC 
 AAGGAGCCCAGGATGGCTGTGGCTTTTTAATAACTAGCTTAGTAGTTAGCCGAAAAA 
 TCTTAGTTTTTAAAAATACAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGAGACAGTCTGATAG 
 TTTATTTGTTTTTCCATACACTCTTAATTGAAACTCAGT 
   
 >17:15966446-15966686 (SEQ ID NO.: 224) 
 TTGAGAGCTGGGAATTGATTTCTAAGCCTGGTTTGAGCTGAGGGCCACAGAGCCAGT 
 GCAGGAGGAGACCCTGCCCCAGAAATAGGCCAGTGCTTGTTATGCAGGCCTTGGCG 
 GTTCCCCGTTTCCTTACGTAACCTCAGTGTTCACGCTGTTTCCTTTTGTTGATTCCCTC 
 CGTGTGACTGTTTTTCTGTCAATCTCCTTAGCTAATGAGCTCCTTATAAGGAGAATGG 
 ATGGATCAGAG 
   
 >19:48568628-48568928 (SEQ ID NO.: 225) 
 CAGGGCGCCGGGACACTGCTTGGCGCGTCCTGGGAGTGAAGCGCATTGAACCCAGC 
 TCAGGCTGGTGGTGGGGGAGTCTTGGCAATGCTCTCTCTCCAAAGGCGAGTTGATCA 
 CAGACGCTGGCAGTGAGTCAGCGGCACCGCCAGGGCTGCTGAGAAATCCCTCCTGC 
 TGTCCGATCGCATTCCTGGAAGGGTGGGCCGCTCAGGGCCCCCCAGCTCCAGTCCCA 
 CTCAGGCCCCAGAATCCCAGCAGCCCACCACTCACTTCTTTGCGCTCACTCTTCCTTC 
 TGGTCCCCACACACCGC 
   
 >3:134364186-134364534 (SEQ ID NO.: 226) 
 GGCAGCGCGCACGGGAGGGAGCGGCGGGGGGCGGGCCGGGAGCGGAACAGCTCGC 
 GGCTCTGGAATGCCAGGCATCCAGGTCACCCGCGGCTGCAAGATTAATGGCTCCAG 
 CGAGGAGCCAAGAACAGCTCGGCGCTCACTCGCTCCCCGGGGAGCGGAAACGCCTC 
 CCGGCCGGCCCCCCTCTTCTCACCCACTAGCAAGCTCCCAGAAACCCGCCCCATGGC 
 TTCCTTTCTTTGGCAGAGTCAGGCTCCAGAAGTCCGCCTTCCTCCACAGGCACCCTA 
 ATCTGCCGTGCCCTTGCAGCTTCTCCTCCCCAGACTCCTCAGGGAAACCCCAGGGCT 
 GCCCCCTCCCC 
   
 >7:27169523-27169934 (SEQ ID NO.: 227) 
 TGGATCCCAACAACAGGAAACTACCTAAATCACCGACCAGTTCTGGTGCTGCCCGC 
 GAAGGGCTGCCTCGCCCGCCGCCGCCGCCGCCTCCGCCGCTGCCGCCGCCGCCAAG 
 GAGAGAACCCTGCCATCGCGCCTGGCCCGGCCCAGCCCAGCCCCTAGGCAACCTGC 
 GCCCGCCAGTGCAACAGAGTGCCCCAGGCGGCCGCAAATGCGTCAAGGAAGGGGA 
 AGCCACAGGCCCCAGTAAGGTATTCCTGGGAGGGAGAGGGAGGAAAAGAGAGGGA 
 GGAAAGGCAGGGAGAGAGGAATAAAGGCGGGGAGCAGGCGAGACGAGAGCAGCT 
 CCGAGAAGCAGTGTGCGCGCCGCTTTCCCAAATCTTGCAGCCCAGCGAGCCGGCGC 
 CAAGAGGCGGTAGCCGTGGAAGGC 
   
 >1:2132912-2133092 (SEQ ID NO.: 228) 
 TGGAGGCGTGGGGACCCCATCTCCAAATACAGCCACATTGGGGGTTAGGGCTCCCC 
 ACGTGAATTTAGGGGACACTTCAGTTCGTCCCGGCGGGGACTGGGGACGCCGGGCT 
 GTGTGCTGTGTCCTGTGGGAGAGTTTGTTCACCCTGCTGGAGGCTCCCTGATGAGCC 
 CTGGCGTCTGCT 
   
 >1:2133236-2133416 (SEQ ID NO.: 229) 
 CCGCCCCCCAGCTGCGCGGCCGTCCCTCGGCTCCGCCCCACAGCTGTGTGACCGCCC 
 TGCGGCTCCGCCCGCAGCTGCACGTTCGTCCCTCGGCTCCGCCCCCAGTTGCTCGTC 
 GGTTCCCTCGGCTCCGCCCCCTCGGCTGTGCGTCTGGCCCTCAGCTCCACCCCCAGCT 
 GCGCGTCCG 
   
 >3:185363027-185363207 (SEQ ID NO.: 230) 
 GCGGGCTCTGTTTATTCTGTGACCAGATTCCTTCTAAAAGAAGGAAGGCCATGTCTG 
 CCTGAAGCCTATTGGCTGGGCCTACTCTGGACCCGCCCCTCTTTTTTTTTTCATGACA 
 CACACCACAGCGAAGTCTGTGCGGAATCCTAAACCAGCCCAATTTACATCCATTCAT 
 GAATCTGTG 
   
 >3:185363363-185363963 (SEQ ID NO.: 231) 
 GTTGTTGTGAGTATTGCACTCTGTTTTTCCTGTTTCTTCAGTATTTATTTCACAAGGAC 
 AGACAGAGAATGTGTGATTTGAGGTGATTAGAAAGCTGATATTATTGAGGGCGACA 
 CCGTGAGAGAGACAGAGAGACAGAGGCGGAGAGAAACCCGAAACCCCGTTACAGC 
 TAGGAGCCTCTGAAACTGACAGCTGGTTTTCCTTTGCTTGTCTGCCTGCTAGACGTGG 
 ACATTTTTCATTTACGGTTCTGCACGTTACCTCGGATGCCTGCTTGGCTTTCCTTAAA 
 GGGAGATTCATTTCTCTGAGAGATGATGTGGATGGTATTAGCAGAAAAGCCCAGAA 
 CACCAGAAAGGTGCTGAGAAAAGCGGGGCCCGCAAGACAGAGCAGGTTCTATCCTG 
 TGGGGCACTTGTCTTCCTTGCGACCGTCCTTTCTGCCGTTCCTCACCCTTCACCTTGC 
 CTTTGTTTCATATTGTGTAACAGTCAGTATCTTGCGATTGCAATTTGGTGAAGATGAA 
 TACTTGTTCAACCATTTTTCAAAAGCTCTTATGACGGGAGCCATAGTGGTGTATTTAT 
 ATATATTCATAGCTCTTCTTTATGTCACT 
   
 >7:96993058-96993418 (SEQ ID NO.: 232) 
 AAAAATGATGGCGAGGAATGCAGAGGGCCCTAAATGGACCCTAAGATGAAGTACG 
 GGTGGTGGCTGGAGAGCTGGGACTGGAAGGTGGGGCTGGGGGAGACGGGTAAGCA 
 GCTTGCTTTGGTGAGGAGCTCCCACGCTGAGAACGGTGGGAGGAGGGAATGATGGG 
 GAAACCTTTGTTTAATGAGGAAACCTAATTATTGCGCATCTGGAAGTCTTAGTCCCT 
 ACTACCAGACGAAGGCGGGTACCTGAGGGATGCAGTGCGCATGCCCGAGCCGTCGG 
 ATTTGCATGATAAGGCTCGCACGTGAGCCAACTCCGGCGCAGCCCAGGCTGTGCCG 
 CGGCCGGCCGCCAATGGAATCTTGCT 
   
 >7:96997902-96999222 (SEQ ID NO.: 233) 
 CTAGAACCCTAAAAACTCCTTTGGCCTCCAGAAAGACCCCGGTGCAGCTCTCTACCC 
 TAACCCCTAAGCCCCTCTCAAGTGAGAGCCTCTCAGTTAGTACTCAGTTGCCACGTC 
 TCGCAGGAACTTTGGAGCAAGTTTTCAGCTCCCAGGTGTCCAACCTTTAAAAGGAAA 
 AGCATAATAATACTAACCTTTCTTTCACGACCACGCGAAACGCAAAGGATGTGGAGT 
 GGGGAGGGGAGGAAAAAAAAAGGGGCGGCCAGCCAAATCAAAGCTTGGGAGACAT 
 TTTGACAGTGCGCTTGAAATAATGCTCTTAATTTTTGGAAGGTTTTCAAGAAGGGGG 
 TGGGGGGCACGTGGGAGAACCACAACTTTCTCCTGTCTGTCACTCAAGCGGCCAGA 
 GAGGGCTCCAACCTCCAGCTCCCGCGGCAACACACAGTGGGAAATTGCTTCAAGAT 
 ACAGTGGGGCTCTATTCTTTCTCTACCCCTGCCCCGCCTTTCCCGAGCAGTGAACTTC 
 ACAGAGAGGGTGGTAAGGGAGGGTTATCCTGGGTGTCAAAAATCTGTGCATAGCCT 
 GAGATCAGAAGAGTTAACCCCAGGCCCTAGACCCAGCCCAGCGGCCAAACTGGCAC 
 CCCGTGCTGATCAGCCCCCGCATCCCCATATCTGCATCCCCATATCTACCTCCCCAGT 
 CGGGGGTGGTGAGGTTTGGGGGAGGGGGGCGACACTACCATATGCATCCACCACCT 
 AAGTCCAGCCCAGGCTGGCTTCAATGAAAGCTGGCAAATCCGGCGAATCTCGCAGA 
 AATTTTCTTCGAACTTAATTCAATTTTAAAGTGGATTTTTACTATTAAAAACGCTGCC 
 GAGCAACACATTGAATTAATCTGACTGTACGGTTTTAATTACAGTGAGGGTTTCTCT 
 ACAAATCTGTACAAGACAGTGGCTGGTTCTTGGAGGATCTCTGCCTCCTGAATTCCA 
 TTATCGGGCCCCTGGTTCCCTGCAGACGGCAGCTCGTGGGAGCCAGCTGCGGTGCGA 
 GCGTTCAGTCGCCCTCTGCTTCTGCCGGGCCTCCTGGCTCCTGTCCCTCCTCCCTTCC 
 TTCATCCCAGCCCCATGGAGAGCCCAGGATTCCTGCCTGTCATTTGAGACTGCTGAA 
 CTGATATCCTGAAACGCTACCCTTGCTTTTTAAACTCTTGGGCCCCAGACTTTTGAGC 
 CCCCTGAGCATCGTTCTTAAAGTGGCTCGTTTTGTCTGGGAGGGTGACCTCTTGTGTA 
 GTGTTTTTTGAAGGGTTCTCCTGCTTCGACTTAGCAGCTGTTAGAGTGGGCAGCGTG 
 ATGCCCAGTCTG 
   
 >13:24270525-24270945 (SEQ ID NO.: 234) 
 CCTACCTTCACTGAAGGCTCTCGGCAGCACCTGATGGCTTGTGAGTGTGTTTGTCTTT 
 GGTGTATATAGGTTTTGCCTTAGTTTAGAATTCTCTCCTGAAGTCCCCCGCAATGTCA 
 CTGTAGCCACTAACCCTTGGTCACACGGAGTGTGGAGCCAGCTGTCAGTTTCTGGGC 
 AGGCTCTGGCCGGGAACGCATACAACGTCAAAGCAGTGAATAAGCGATTTCTGCAG 
 TTCCCGTAGCTGCCAGCCTGTGCAGTCCTCTGTGATGCTTGGGGACCGGCTCCTCGG 
 TCACACCCCAGTCCTGCTCTGAAGGTTGCCGTTTTCCAAACAGAAGGATGGTAGCTA 
 GAGGGGAGATAGCAAGATTCTGGAGTCTGGAAAGCCTTCACTTGGGTATGTGTGCA 
 AAGAATGGATTGTTGTACTGTG 
   
 >13:24271993-24272173 (SEQ ID NO.: 235) 
 TTTCTATATTGAGAACACAGACCACATGAGTGAGAGGGCTCGGTAATGCTAGCGAG 
 ACGGCACTGGCAAGACCTGGGTGGAGGAAGCGGACGTGCGGGTGCTCCCTCCCAGG 
 GTTCCTGCACCCATGGCCTTGAGCAGGGGCGTGTTCATTCCCACCGGGAGTGCAGCC 
 AGCACGAACGGG 
   
 >1:6447340-6447520 (SEQ ID NO.: 236) 
 TGACCGGGGGCGGGAGCAGGGTCGTGGCGTCCGAACCTCCGGGCTGCAGGGGGCGC 
 GGAGCGGGCGGGCTGGCCCAGAAAACAAATCCTGCGGTGTCGCATTTCCTGCAACG 
 TGAGCCAGGTCGGGCGGGGTGAAGGGTCTGAGGCCACCGCAGGGACGCATGGGCTG 
 GAGAGTGGGGCAG 
   
 >1:19643753-19643933 (SEQ ID NO.: 237) 
 CCAACAGCACGGACTTGAACCGGGTCGCATGCCGGAGCGGACGGGATGAGGTGCAC 
 CGCAGAACTGGGGACTCCTGGTGCCGGGACGCGGCGGGCTGGGGCGCCCCACTCTC 
 GGGGCAAGTCTGCAATGCCCGGTGCCCACAAAAAGGACACATCCATCTTTGTCACC 
 CCGAGGCCTGGCA 
   
 >1:26360410-26360890 (SEQ ID NO.: 238) 
 AGGCCGGACAGGGAAAGTGGCCTGGGGCGAACAGAGGCGGGGAGGCGGGGCTGAG 
 CGAGCGAGGGGGATCCCCCAGGAGCAGGAGGAGCTGGGCAAGGGGGGCGGTTGCG 
 GGGAGGGGTGGATGGTTCGGAATGGGCGTGGTCTTGCCGAATGGGAGGGTCTAACG 
 CGAGTGGTTGGCGTCCCGCGCGGGGCCCAAAGTGTGACACGGGTGGGCTTGGAACC 
 GGGACCTTAGCTACTGGTGGGGCTGAAGCCCACCCTGCCATTGTTCTGCCACGGTCA 
 GTGGGGCTTGCTCCTCCCTATGGGAAGCACTTACGGCCGGGAGCGGGAATCCCGTC 
 ACCACCGCGGTGGGGAAGCCGCACGGAAATCCACGGGGTGCGGACGGTGCCATCTC 
 CTGGAAGTTGGCCAGAGAACCCCACTCTGTCCGCAAATCGCTCTTATTTAATAACAA 
 CTATCATCGATTGTGATCCTAACCTGGGCCTCC 
   
 >1:31771901-31772621 (SEQ ID NO.: 239) 
 GTGCCCTTACCCCTTACCCTCACAAAGGGCCCCACCGCCGGAAGCCGCCCGCGCTCC 
 CACACCTTGTGCAGGTCTCCCCTGAAATGAATTTTAATTTCCGCTGAGGGCAGGCGG 
 CGTCGTGAGTCCTGAGCCCGTGGCGGCGGCGGCGGCGCGGGTGTGGGGCCGCGCGG 
 CCGGGAGCGGGCGGAAGAGAGCGCGAATTTGAATTTCAAAGGCATCTGGAACCCAA 
 GTGCTTCTGCGTTGCCCGATTGTGTGTGTGGCGCTTTTGTGTGTCCGCGAATGCGCGC 
 GTGCGTGTGTGGCGTGTGTCTGGGTGTTTTATGACTGTCCTCCGTGAGGCCGTGTGTG 
 AGCCCTTGCGTGGGCCGTGAGTGCGGCAGGGAGCGCGGTGTCCGGGGGCCGCCTGT 
 CGGTGTGTCTGTGCGTGCTTGTGCGCTAGCCTTTGCCTCTGCGAGTGCGTATTTTTAG 
 GACCGAGTCTGTCTATATGAGCCTGTGTCTGTGTGTGTGCGCTCCCGGCCCTGCGTGT 
 GTCTGTGAGCGTCTGCCGGGGCGCGTGTGTGCTCGGAACCCCGCGGTGGTGTGCGGG 
 TGTGTCCGTGTGTCTGTGCACGTGCAGGCGAGCGTTCCCATCTGTGTGTGTGCATCTG 
 AGTCTGGGCTATGTGTGACTCAGGGACCAGTCTATGAGCCTGCCTGTGCCTTTGAGC 
 CGATACCTGTGTGTGACTCAGGGACGAGTCTATGA 
   
 >1:32248455-32248635 (SEQ ID NO.: 240) 
 GCCTGTCACCTGCACCAGGAGCTGCTGGATGAGGCCGAGCTGGAGCTGGAGCTGGA 
 GCCCGGGGCCGGCCTAGCCCTGGCCCCGCTGCTGCGGCACCTGGGCCTCACGCGCAT 
 GAACATCAGCGCCCGGCGCTTCACCCTCTGCTGAGGAACACCTGTGCCCCCCGACTC 
 CCCGCCCCCTC 
   
 >1:40317257-40317497 (SEQ ID NO.: 241) 
 CTCCCGGCGCTCCTCCAGCGCTGGCTGTTCGCGGGCAGGGTGGGCTGGGGCTCCTGA 
 ATATGCGGGGGGCGGGGCGGGGGCCGGCGTGAGCTGTCACCTGAGAGGACCGGCG 
 GGGTTGCCGGGAGGGAGGCCGGCGCCAGGCATCCAGCTCCGCCCCGCTCGGTCCAG 
 CCTCCTGCGCCCACCCTCTGTCCTCGAGGGGCGACCGGGGTGCGGGTCGGAGATGAT 
 GGTCCAGTTTCTTTGT 
   
 >1:92030047-92030410 (SEQ ID NO.: 242) 
 AGGAAGGGCAGTGGGCCCCGCCGCCGCCTCCCAATGGCGAGGCTGCGGGATTGCCT 
 GCCCCGCCTGATGCTCACGCTCCGGTCCCTGCTCTTCTGGTCCCTGGTCTACTGCTAC 
 TGCGGGCTCTGCGCCTCCATCCACCTGCTCAAACTTTTGTGGAGCCTCGGCAAGGGG 
 CCGGCGCAGACCTTCCGGCGGCCCGCCCGGGAGCACCCTCCCGCGTGCCTGAGCGA 
 CCCCTCCTTGGGCACCCACTGCTACGTGCGGATCAAGGTGAAGGGCCGCGCGGGCC 
 TGGCGGGAGCGGGAGGGAGCGTGACCGCCGCGAGGGTGGGGGGCTCCGGGCTTCTC 
 CTTCCGAGACGCTGGCTCAGCGTCC 
   
 >1:98045882-98046362 (SEQ ID NO.: 243) 
 CCTCGCCCCCCGCCCCCTGCGCGAACCCATTTTCCAGTCCTGGTCACCAGAGGCGCA 
 GCGCACAGCCTTTCCGGTGGAACCAGTGCGAAAACACCCGAGGAAATGAAAAGAAC 
 AAGAAAGTGCTACCTTGGCAACCACGGGCGTTTAGTGGCCAGCTGGTGGGCTGGGG 
 AGGGCGGCCGCTGCCCCCCTGCCGCTGGTACTCTCCTCGACTACGCGTATTCTTAAG 
 CAATAACAACGTAATCCGTATTATCCACCCAAGAATACCCGTCACCGAAGAGAGTC 
 AGAGGACCAAGCTGCCGCTGCCGCTGCTACCGCTGCCGCTGCTACCGCTGCCGCTGC 
 TACTGCCGCCGCCGCCGCCACCAGAACTCTTGCTGCTCGCTGAGCCCGCCCCTGCCT 
 GGGGATGGGCTGAGCTTGACCGGGACCATAAATCCATAACTCGATTTCCCTAAAGA 
 AGGATCCAAAGCTGTGCTCGGCTGCTTCC 
   
 >1:121008795-121009695 (SEQ ID NO.: 244) 
 TTCTTCCGAACCCCTCTTGGGAATACTGAATGGAAAAGGGGGAGCGTGAGCAAGTG 
 CTTGGTAGAGTGTAGACATTGTGGGATTTGACTGTGGTACCATCGCTTTGACGTCCT 
 AGTGCTGATTTTTACACCTGCATTCTGCTTAGGGCACCGGCAACAGTTTTCCGTTTGT 
 GCCTACTCCACCTGCTGTCTTTGTTGGGTCAGCGAACATCGCCTCCCTCTACCGCTCA 
 ATCAGCAAAAGGGACCGCCCTTGAGGACCTCACCCGCCGCTCACTCCCCTCCCAAAT 
 TCGCGGGCATCGCCTCCGGTCGCCTCTTCCGAAGGCCTAACGAGCATGTTAGCTGCG 
 AACGGAGGTGAGGAGGCTCCGCTGACTGACCGGTGCCCATGTCCAGGGCACGCACA 
 AACGCCATGACTTGGCTTGGCCTCTCTCTTAGTTATTCACAGCTCAGCCCGATAGGC 
 ACCTCCGGGGCGGCGACGGCAAAGAGGGTGAGCTTATTAAGTGCAGCTCCACGGGG 
 ACTGGCCTCTCTGCACGGCTGTGTACACCTGAGCGAGACGCTCAGTCGCTCTCTAAA 
 GCCGCTTCTGCGGATGACAGACACGGAGATAAACGTGAGAGGTGGCCCACCACGAC 
 TTGCCCTCCTTTGCCCGGGTTTGCCCCTCGCTGAGGAGGCTGTTCTACATCTGACCCT 
 TGGAGCAGGCCGGCTGACAGCGTAGTAAAGGAAGATTTCTGCGGGAGGGCGGCCAG 
 TGCAAAACAATTCCCTGACCGGGAATCGAACCCGGGCCGTGACGCTTTCAGCACCG 
 AATCCTAGCCACTAGACAACCATGCAGATGCGGAAAGCTGCTTTCTCTCCCTTCTTC 
 GACCTGAAGCGACACTTTCCTGTGCTCTAGGAGGACTTGGGTCTTGTGA 
   
 >1:148302626-148302986 (SEQ ID NO.: 245) 
 CCTTGGATTCCTCGCCAAGTTAGTAAGGTGTGAGGTCTCTTTTCCTTCCCCTGACGCG 
 CCTGGTTGCGGGAGCAAAAGGGAAGAGCTGACAGCCTAGACTAACGACATTGCCGT 
 GACTCGGATTCGAACCGAGGTTGCTGCGGCCACAACGCAGAGTACTAACCACTATA 
 CGATCACGGCGAGCCACAGGCTAAGCCGCGATGGCGGAGCTTGCTCTAGCCCTTTTG 
 ACGTCAATGGATTTCGATTATTAGGCGGATTCGTTCCCAGACAGCCACAGGGGACTC 
 GCGCTTTTCTTTCATGCCCGCTCTGCTTTTCCCTCCCTTCCTCCCAATCTTCATACGTG 
 ATGAGAACAATTCTCATC 
   
 >1:154567391-154567691 (SEQ ID NO.: 246) 
 AAACACATTTTCTCTGCTGTATCCTCAGCCTACCTGGGGAGCAGGACCATTTGGGTT 
 TGGTAAGAGAAAAAAGGAGGGCGAAAACCCCGGACACTCCTCCTGTCTCCCGACGC 
 TCGTTCTGGCCGTCTGGCCCTCAGTACTAAGCAGGCCCTGACCTACTTGTCTTACTCT 
 TGCTGCTTCTTCCCGCCGGGCCTCTTGCCCCTTCTCCGACCATGCTGCAGGTCCTGCC 
 CCAACTTTAGGACTTCAGAACTCCTCCACCGTGCCGTGGAGGAACAGCCCTTCTTCC 
 ACCTCACGCACACCC 
   
 >1:160083804-160084524 (SEQ ID NO.: 247) 
 GCCAGGCAACACGAAGGGACTCGCCCAGGGCCCCCCAGGGCTCGGTGCTGGCCCTG 
 ATGCCCCGTGCCTCCCCATCTCCCGAGGGGCCACTCATTCGGCAAACCTTTATTAAG 
 CCCCTCCAGGACCCCCGACGCCGCCTAGGCGCCCAGCGACGCGCGGCAGGTGGCAG 
 CAGCTCGGGCCCCCGCCGCACTCCAGGCGCCCGCAGCGCTCGCCCTGACGCGGCCG 
 CCATGGCGCAGGAGAACGCGGCCTTCTCGCCCGGGCAGGAGGAGCCGCCGCGGCGC 
 CGCGGCCGCCAGCGCTACGTGGAGAAGGATGGCCGGTGCAACGTGCAGCAGGGCA 
 ACGTGCGCGAGACATACCGCTACCTGACGGACCTGTTCACCACGCTGGTGGACCTGC 
 AGTGGCGCCTCAGCCTGTTGTTCTTCGTCCTGGCCTACGCGCTCACCTGGCTCTTCTT 
 CGGCGCCATCTGGTGGCTGATCGCCTACGGCCGCGGCGACCTGGAGCACCTGGAGG 
 ACACCGCGTGGACGCCGTGCGTCAACAACCTCAACGGCTTCGTGGCCGCCTTCCTCT 
 TCTCCATCGAGACCGAGACCACCATCGGCTACGGGCACCGCGTCATCACCGACCAG 
 TGCCCCGAGGGCATCGTGCTGCTGCTGCTGCAGGCCATCCTGGGCTCCATGGTGAAC 
 GCCTTCATGGTGGGCTGCATGTTCGTCAAGATCTCGCAGCCCAA 
   
 >1:160401102-160401282 (SEQ ID NO.: 248) 
 AGGGGCTCGTGGGGAGGGGGCGGAGCCCAGGCCTGGAGAGCCGGGGACTTTCCTGG 
 GCCCGGGCGGGGGCCTTAATGATCCCAGGGGAGCCGGTTGAAGCCGGAGACGGGG 
 AGCTTGTGTTGGAGGTGGGGGGAGAGGCGTGGAAGGATCGGAGTCTGGAGGTATTG 
 GAAGCCAAGGGTGT 
   
 >1:166920601-166921261 (SEQ ID NO.: 249) 
 CCTCCCGCCTCGCCACCTCCCCGGCCCCCAGACAGCGACACTGCTCGCCCTGCCTGG 
 AGGCTCCCGCTCAGTCCCCTCGGAGGAGGGGAGGCAGACGCAGTCTCACGGTTTTCT 
 TGGCGGGCTCCTTTTTCCTCTTCTTCTCCGAGTTGCTGTGGTAGGGCAGGTCGCGGCC 
 GCGGTAGGACGGGCCGCGGGTCAGCTCCAGCTCGCTGTAGGGCGGCAGCGCGTCGT 
 CGGACGCGTCCTCCTGGTCGTCCTGCGACGAGCCGGCCTTGTAGGTGCCGGGCGGCG 
 ACCAAGCGTAGTAGGAGGCGCTGCGCGGGCCGAGCTGCGCGCTCCGCTTGGATGGC 
 GTCTCCAGGCTGCCACCGCGGCTGGCGCCCTCGGGCCGCGCCTGGCGCTCCCGCGCG 
 CTGCCCAGGTACGAGTGGTCGTATTTGGGTGCGGTGCCTGGCGTGCGGCTCACCAGC 
 CGCGGCAGGTGCGCGTCCTCGGCGGGTCTGCGGCGCGCGGGGCTGAAGGCCCAGCC 
 GCGGTCAGCATCGGTCAGGGGCTCGCGGCTGCGGCTGCGCTGACCGTAGTACTCCTC 
 CAAGGAGTCGTCCTGGTAGAAGCCGCTGTGCGCCCGCGACTCCGAGCGCTCGAAGC 
 GGCTCCCGCCCCGCGCCTCGTGACTGTTGCCGTCTGC 
   
 >1:180232819-180233599 (SEQ ID NO.: 250) 
 TGGCCTAAGAAGGGGGGAAGCTCGAGGGGTTGTGGGGCACACCCTTGGGCCTTCCG 
 GGACAGTAGGCTCTTAAACCCTAGAGGAGGGGAGACAAAAGAAACGCTCTCCCACA 
 GGGGTCCCTCCAGTCGCCAACTAGAAGGGTTTCCCTCTCAACACAGACATGTTTGCC 
 TCTTCATCACATGGAGTCACCACGAATGGAGCACTTGGGGACGCAGGTCTAGGTGTC 
 CCCAAGCTCGGTGCCTCTAGTGCCCTCCCCTCTAGGGGCATTTTAGAAGAAGTGATT 
 TAAATCCAGCTTATTTCGGCGGCAGCTGGACTATTCCTTTGCTTATTTGGGGATGGGT 
 GAGGGGCATACCCTTTAGGAAAACGTTTCCAAATGATGTAATAATTTCTCTCTCATC 
 TCTGGTCTTGCTCCAGACTTGGCCTCTTCCTCGCCACTCTGTCCCGGCCTCCCGCCCC 
 CGCAGGCTCCCGTGCGGACTTAGCAGTTCGCGCCGTAGCCCTCCTGGTTTTTTACCG 
 CGCCTTGGTCGCGCGGCCCCCGGTGCGGGCCTCGTCGCTCCGACAGCCCTACAGCTG 
 TCCCTACGGCCCGCACCGACAGCTCGTCCCCGCCACCTCCCTCCGGGCTGTAGGGAC 
 GTCGAGATCCGAATCCTCACAGCGCCTGACCCGGGGCCGTGTTGGGTACGGGTACG 
 GCGAGAGCCTTCCGAGCCGCCTCCAAAACTCTCCCCGCGGACCTCAGCAGTCCCTCC 
 ACGCGTCGGGGCCCTGCTGGCCGGCCATGCCCTCTGAGGAG 
   
 >1:183185880-183186120 (SEQ ID NO.: 251) 
 TTAGCGCTCTTAAGATTGGGCCTCCCAGTTTGAGGAAGGGGCGGGCTGCTGTCTACC 
 TCTGTGAATCTGCCCTGGACCACCCCGGGAGAGAAGGAGGGCTCCGGGGAATCTCG 
 CACATTCCAGGCAAAGGCTCCCGGGCCGCAGCCTCTGTGCCACACCCTTGGCCCGGG 
 CCAGGTGTGCGCCCTCCTCGCTGCGAGGGGGAGCGGGCGGCTGCGGGGAGCGATTT 
 TCCAGCCCGGTTTGT 
   
 >1:197913075-197913255 (SEQ ID NO.: 252) 
 CCTTTATTTCTGCAGAGCTGAGGGCAGGCGGCGCAACAAATCTCAGGTAAAAGAGC 
 ATCAGATTTCAGAAGAGCTGTATTCTAGACTTGGCGCAGGCCCCTTTGGGGAGAAGA 
 GCCCAGGGGCTATAGAGAACAGAGGTTTGAAGGAAGCAAAAGCTGGCGAGAGGTTT 
 TTTTTTTGTCGC 
   
 >1:201539995-201540295 (SEQ ID NO.: 253) 
 ATTGGGTGATCACGGGGAGCTCACCTGAGCGCTCCCGAGGCTTGGGCTCTGGTCCCT 
 GCTAATCCCCAGAGCCGATAAAAACTGGTCATAGGATAAAGAAGCAGCTAAGTTTG 
 CAGCGGGCAGAGGGGAGGCAGGAACTGGAGAGGACGCGAGTGGCGGGTGGCGGGG 
 GCGGTGTGTAGGGGTGACGTCCACCCGGCAGAGAGGGTTCCTTGTCCCCTGGAGCC 
 GAACACAGGAAAATCAGCTGGTGAGTCAATGGGACTTTGTTAGGATAGTCACAGGG 
 CGCAGCTGGCGCCGGCTTAAG 
   
 >1:203629355-203629535 (SEQ ID NO.: 254) 
 CCGCTTTCGCCGCGGCCTCCCATCGTGGAGGCTCAGAGTGCAGCTATTCCTGCAGCC 
 GGCCTTCCTATTTTCAGTAATCTGATTAGGGGTCGATGTTGGTGGGCTCGGGGACGG 
 CTTCTCCGTGAGGTCGTTATTTAGCGCGCACCGGGTCGCCTGAGCCCGGGGTCGCGG 
 CCAAAGGGGT 
   
 >1:228818226-228818526 (SEQ ID NO.: 255) 
 AAACCACGACTGCAGACCCAGGCCTCCTGCTCTGTGAGCAGGCAAAAGCCCTGCCC 
 TCCTGAGCAGGGCTATAACTGCCCAAACTGCAGCTGTGCATCAGAGCCTCCCTGTGC 
 TCTTGCGGGAGGGCTGGGAGCGGGCAGGATCTGCCTTCCCGGGTGCAGCTGCCCTCC 
 CAGGTGCAGGACCCGGGTGTCTCTGCAGCCTGAACCCTTGGGTGCCCCAGGAAGGA 
 CCCCCACACTTCTCCTGCAGAGCAGAGAGAAGCCAAGCAGCAGGAGCAGACACCCT 
 GGAGCCTGGTCACGGTGGG 
   
 >1:232805208-232805868 (SEQ ID NO.: 256) 
 CATCAATTGTCTTAATACAAGGTTGGTGGCAAAAAACGGCTCACAAGTATGCATACA 
 AAGGGGCCAAACACATTGAGCAGCAAAACCCCCAAAGCAGACACCGCCCGAGACC 
 CGCTGGAGCGCTTCCGCAAATCTCGCGAGATAGCAGGCAGCGATGCCTTTTGCTCCG 
 GTTTCTCGTGAGACCCCGGGGCTTCAGCTTCTCGTTTGCGGAGCCCGCGGCGGCGTT 
 TCCTGGGGCAACAGCAATGGCGGCCTCGCTGTCCGAGCGGCTCTTCTCGCTGGAGCT 
 GCTGGTGGACTGGGTGCGTTTGGAAGCCCGGCTGCTGCCGTCCCCCGCTGCCGCAGT 
 GGAGCAGGAGGAGGAAGAGGAGGAAAAGGAGCAGGGGGAGGCCTCGTCGCCGCGC 
 GGTCTGTGCCCCGCCGTGGCCTTCCGCCTGCTGGACTTCCCCACGCTGTTGGTTTACC 
 CTCCTGACGGCCCCGGCGCTCCCGCCGCCGAACCGTGGCCCGGTGTCATCCGCTTCG 
 GTCGCGGCAAGTCCTGCCTCTTCCGCCTGCAGCCTGCTACCCTGCACTGCCGGCTCC 
 TGCGGACCCCGCTTGCCACCTTGCTGCTGCAGCTGCCCCCTGGGCGCCCGACGCCCA 
 CCCCACAGCTCCTGGGGGCCTGCGACATTTCGCTGGC 
   
 >2:3195914-3196214 (SEQ ID NO.: 257) 
 CTTATTTGTTTGGTCTGTAACGTCAGTCTTTGAGTTTCTTGTTTTCAGATACTGAAATT 
 CTTCACATCCTTCAAAAAACCATGCAGACAAAGGACACGATGACCACAGGACATGG 
 AGAAATGGATTTCAGCAGGACGTTCATCACGGGCTGAGTCTGTGGTTTCCAGCTTCT 
 GATTAGGAAACCAAACAAGCCCTCTGCACGGACGTGCACAAAGGAGGAAGTGGCA 
 AGTGATTCTTTATTAGCCCCTGAGTTTTCAGAGGGGCCTTGGAACTAAACCTAAAGT 
 TGTGCCCCCACCCTGGA 
   
 >2:12719226-12719779 (SEQ ID NO.: 258) 
 CTCCCCATCTCTAGACTTCCCTGTCTGCTCATCCCCTCTCTTCCGTGCCCCCCTGAAC 
 AACACCTTTGCCTGTAAGGTTAAGAGGCTCCCGTTTGGAGCCCTAGGGATCCGCAGT 
 GGTAATACCACTGCGATGGACACTTCGGTTTCCTTTTTTGTCTTTAACCCTGAACAGT 
 GACTGGTTTATGTATATGTGTGTCTGTGTATCTTTGTGTGCACCCACCGGGCCCCAGA 
 CAAGTGGATGAGGGGCGAAATAGTTGCGAAAAAGAAAATAACTATAATAGAGCAT 
 ACTACTACCCAGAATTGGACCTAGATCAAGGATTCTTTGTCACTTAATTTTAGATTTG 
 CTGACTGTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTGAGGGGGTAAGGGGAGAGTGGGGGACCCATTCTGCC 
 TTTGAAATGGTCACTGGGCACGGTTGTGCTGCAAATAACACATCGCGCTTTTGCCAT 
 TCACCACAGACTACTTTGCGGACTTGCCTTATTTCCTAGTGGACTGGAGTATTTCATT 
 GCAAAATTTGGGTTTAGTGGAGATCTCCAGTCAGTTT 
   
 >2:19350886-19351666 (SEQ ID NO.: 259) 
 CCCAAGCAGAGAATTGTGTCTGAGGGACCCTAAGGGAGGGAGTGATGTTGGTTTGG 
 GGTTCCGGGGAGGCAGCGGTCATTGTGTATTTGCACCCGAGTGTTGAGACCCGGGG 
 AACGGGAAATATTACAGCTCTGAGGCTCTGTGAGGGCGGGTCCTTCCCACCCCAAA 
 GCCAGAGGCCAGGAGGGAGGCCTTCGGTTAGGGTGGGGAAAGACATTCTCTTCTCT 
 TCTTGCACCCTAAGCGATCTCAGCACCCAGAGACGCTGTCTCAGCACCCAGAGACTC 
 TGGGATTTCTCACGGGCGGTTTTCTGCCTTCAGGCTTAGGTTCTTCGTAAACTCACAG 
 CACTTTAGCGGTGAGGAGTGGGAAGGCTGAGACCCTATCCCTGAGGCGGAGGAGAA 
 AAGTAGGAAAATCAATACATGGTGGGGCGGAGGCAGACCTAACCGGGAGAGAGGA 
 CGTTGCTCCACACATCTCAGCCCTGTCATCCTAATAAGACGGGGTGGTAGGAGGGGG 
 ACACGCTGGCGTCCAGCAGAGAAACCTGGTCCTCTCAAAGAGAGGACCCAACCGGT 
 TTCCTGCGTTTAGGAGGGAAATTACCCATCCTGCAATGCCTGTAAAATAACCGTTTA 
 TTTAATAGTTAAAAAAAAAAAAAACTCCAGTGATAAATGTCCGTTACCGATGGTCA 
 GCATAAAGTGCCAATCGCAATATAACGCCCGGCTCTTGGCTGGCTGCTCCCTCGCAG 
 TGTCGCGGCAGCGGAGGCCGGGCCCCCTGCAGACCCCAGGCCCGAGGT 
   
 >2:20667295-20667775 (SEQ ID NO.: 260) 
 CCCGCGACGGGCTGGAAGCGGCCGCCGTGCTGCGAGCGGCGGGGGCTGGGCCGGTC 
 CGGAGCCCAGGGGGCGGCGGCGGCGGCGGCGGCGGCGGGCGGACTCTTGCCCAGG 
 CTGCGGGCGCCGCGGCTGTCCCGGCCGCCGCGGTTCCCCGGGCCCGCGCCGCGCGC 
 CGCGCCGCGGGCTCCGGCTTCAGGAACGGCTCGGTGGTGCCGCACCACTTCATGATG 
 TCGCTTTACCGGAGCCTGGCCGGGAGGGCTCCGGCCGGGGCAGCCGCTGTCTCCGCC 
 TCGGGCCATGGTCGCGCGGACACGATCACCGGCTTCACAGACCAGGCGACCCAAGG 
 TACTTACGCCTCTTCTGTGCCCGCCCATCCCGTCAGGTCCTGGGCTGAGACCAGCCC 
 CGGAGCCGTGCCGCAGCTCCGTTACATTTGGAGCCGCGGCCCCATGCGGCCCACCCT 
 CAGGTGATAGAAAGAAACTTCGCCGAGGCC 
   
 >2:45000833-45001613 (SEQ ID NO.: 261) 
 TCAGGGTAGGCTGGGCCGCTGCTAGCTCTTGATTTAGTCTCATGTCCGCCTTTGTGCC 
 GGCCTCTCCGATTTGTGGGTCCTTCCAAGAAAGAGTCCTCTAGGGCAGCTAGGGTCG 
 TCTCTTGGGTCTGGCGAGGCGGCAGGCCTTCTTCGGACCTATCCCCAGAGGTGTAAC 
 GGAGACTTTCTCCACTGCAGGGCGGCCTGGGGCGGGCATCTGCCAGGCGAGGGAGC 
 TGCCCTGCCGCCGAGATTGTGGGGAAACGGCGTGGAAGACACCCCATCGGAGGGCA 
 CCCAATCTGCCTCTGCACTCGATTCCATCCTGCAACCCAGGAGAAACCATTTCCGAG 
 TTCCAGCCGCAGAGGCACCCGCGGAGTTGCCAAAAGAGACTCCCGCGAGGTCGCTC 
 GGAACCTTGACCCTGACACCTGGACGCGAGGTCTTTCAGGACCAGTCTCGGCTCGGT 
 AGCCTGGTCCCCGACCACCGCGACCAGGAGTTCCTTCTTCCCTTCCTGCTCACCAGC 
 CGGCCGCCGGCAGCGGCTCCAGGAAGGAGCACCAACCCGCGCTGGGGGCGGAGGTT 
 CAGGCGGCAGGAATGGAGAGGCTGATCCTCCTCTAGCCCCGGCGCATTCACTTAGG 
 TGCGGGAGCCCTGAGGTTCAGCCTGACTTTCCCGACTCCGCCGGGCGCTTGGTGGGC 
 TCCTGGGCTTCTGGGCTCACCCTTACACCTGTGTACTAAAGGGCTGCTACCCTCCCG 
 AGGTGTACGTCCGCCGCCTCGGCGCTCATCGGGGTGTTTTTTCA 
   
 >2:47569537-47570197 (SEQ ID NO.: 262) 
 GCGCCGAGGGTGGAGGGAGAAGGGGCTTTTGAGATCATCCTGGAGAGGAAACTGAG 
 GCCTGGGGGTTGTGGGTGGAAAACAGGAAGGAACCGGTAGCCCTTGGCACGTATTC 
 TTAGAGGAGAAAACGGAGGCTCACAAAGGTCAGATCACAGAGCCGGCCAGTGTTGG 
 AGCACAGGCGGCCCGGGGTGAGCGCCAGAGGTGGGCTTTCTTCCCTCACTGAAAGC 
 CGGGAGGGAGAGAGAGAGAGAGAACGGGGGCCGGCGGAGAAGAGGGCGAGACGA 
 AAGTAAGCAAAGGGACATTAGAAGGGAAGGCAGAGCCGAGGGACGCGGACCGAGC 
 GGCCGAGCAGTGGAAAGGGCGGCAGGTGAAAGGCACAGAGAGGAAAGATGCGCGG 
 GGGACGCGCCGCTCACCTATGGTTGACACCACGGTGCCCACGAAGTAGAAGGCGCC 
 GGGGAAGTCCCAGCGCGGGCGCAGCGCGTCGGCGCGGACGCCGGCGGCCAGCGCG 
 GCCTCGTAGTGCCGGAGGAAGGCGCGCAGCTCTGGCTCGGCCACGCCGTGCGCAGC 
 GCTGAAGTTGCGCAGCGTGGCGCCCCAGCGCGCCCGCGCCTCCGCCTCGCCGGGGC 
 TCTCGAGCGCCGAGAAGACTGTGGCACCCGCCACCAGGTAGAGGCCGATG 
   
 >2:48530399-48530759 (SEQ ID NO.: 263) 
 CCGCAGAGGGATGGCCTCCCGGCAGGGACTCCTCGGCTCCCCTCTGTTCTGAGACTG 
 CTGCTGGGACCGGGGTCCGACTCTAAAGAGAAAACTCAAACAGCAAAAAAAGGAAT 
 ATCGACTCAGTTCCGAGGGCGGGGGCCGGGGCTCGTTCTCACCCGCGCGCGGCCCCT 
 CGACCTCTCGGACCCGGGCCACCAGCTCTGCGCCCCTCACGCCTCCCTCGGGGTCTC 
 TGTGTCTCTCTCCCGCTCCCGGACTCCCTCCTCCTTCTGACTGCTGTTATTTGGGCTGT 
 TGTCCCTCCCCGCTCCCTGGTACCTCAGCTCGGACCTTAGCCTGTGCCTGCAGCCCG 
 GAGTCCCCTCCTGCCCTG 
   
 >2:88765502-88766042 (SEQ ID NO.: 264) 
 GGGGCGACGCAGTGGCGAAGTCGGGCTGTGGGCCCGGCGGCGGCACCAGGCGGAG 
 AAGCGCCACTCAACCCCATCCCTGGGCTGCAGAGGGCCCAGCGCGGAGGGCTCCGC 
 GCGTCGGGAGCCGGTGGAAGAGGAGAAGAGCGCGCGGGCGACAGTCATACAGGCC 
 TTGGGGCAGGGCGCGCCTCGCGCTCCAGGGAGCCACGCCAGCCCGCTGCGCCTCCG 
 CAGCAACCGCCGCCTGCACGTGGCGGGGCGAGAGAGCTGCTAGGGCGGTTTCTCCG 
 CCTCGGGCCTGTTGGGCGGGGCCGGCTAAGGTGCGCGTGCTCGCTGGTCCTAACGGT 
 TCTGTTGGGCGTTTCTGCTGAGAGGCGGGAGGGGCTGAGAGTCTGTGCGAAGGTAG 
 GTGGACAGACTGCATTGCTTGTTGTTGCGCTTCGGAGGCGGCGATCCCCGAAGGCGA 
 GCTGAAATACGGCTGGAGCGTTCCCAGGCTACAGTTTGTAGCCGACGATTGTGGAA 
 GACTAGGAGCCGGAGAGGTGGCCCACCCTCAGGGAGC 
   
 >2:95024998-95025598 (SEQ ID NO.: 265) 
 CTGGTAACGTCCCTTCCTGTCGCATGGATTCAAGGCCGACCTGCCCCAGCACCACCA 
 CCAGCAGCCTTCTGCTGGGGCCGGCACAGCTGGGAGCAACCTCCTACTCTCAGGCA 
 GACGCGCAGCACCAAGCAGAGAGGCCCGGTGCAGGATCCCAGCGCCGAACCAGCG 
 CCGGCTCAGTGGACGCGGAAGGGGCCGGCGGCCGCGGCCGGTCCCATCCCCCACTG 
 CAGACCCCCAGCCTGTGGCGGTGGTCCAGTTCCGCCAGGAAACCGCCGCCTGGAGC 
 TGTGGGTCGCGCACATTAACGCATCCAGCGGAAAAATGAAGGAGACCCAAATTCAA 
 AGTTAAAGTAATGGTGACCCGAGAGGTGCCTTGATGAGAAGGTTTGGGGTCCCGGT 
 TACTGATGGTTATCATTCTTACGAGATGCTGGTCACCTACGAAGGGAGAAAGGCACG 
 AGGAGCGCCTGACCAAAGTGGTTTTGCCCTGCTTCCCGCAAGAGGTGGCACCCACG 
 GCTGGAACGCAGGAGTCAGACCCACAGTCCCCAGCTCTGGACGCCCGCAGCGGGGC 
 CTCGAAGAGGTTCAGGGCGGTGCCCGCGGCGCTCGGGCCG 
   
 >2:95074648-95075068 (SEQ ID NO.: 266) 
 AATTCTGCTTGGTCTGTGGTAAATGCCCTTTCTGAGAAGCAACCATGACCTTCTCAA 
 GAATACTTCAGAGGCACTTTTGCTCCTTCTCCACTAACCGACATCCTGTTTTGCTGGA 
 ACACATGGGGCAGAGCGCACACAGCTTTGTTCCTGCACCCGCCCTCAGAGCTTTGCC 
 ACCTGTTTTCAGGCTGCCTCTGCCTCCAAACCCTGCGGAGCCCTCCCTGCCCCGTGCT 
 TTGAAGCAGTTTCTTTGGAAGCTGCTGCACAGGGGTTAACAACAAGCAACAACTCA 
 GGTCGCATTCTTGTCAACGGAAGGGAGGGCCAGGTGGAACCGCCAAGGGGGCCATT 
 TCTGGCTTTGCTGGAGGCTGTCAGCTTCTGGTGGGAGCCACAGCCTGAGGGCAGCCA 
 GGATGGCTCTGCTGGGAGGGAC 
   
 >2:130372760-130372940 (SEQ ID NO.: 267) 
 GGCGCCCTCGGCTCTCCCCTTCGGGCCTCCGGGGAAGCGTCCCCGCTAGGGGTGGGG 
 TCTTGGGACTCCCTGGGGCTTCCGGAGCTGACCCGTGGGGGGTCTGCTGCCCTCAGT 
 TCCTGCTGACCAAAGTCCTGCCGGATCTGGCGCCTACGAGGACGTGGCGGGTGGAG 
 CTCAGACCGGT 
   
 >2:134719120-134719540 (SEQ ID NO.: 268) 
 CCGCTCGGCTCCGCGGCCGGTGGCGGAGGCTGGGGCCGCGTTGTTGCCGCCGCGCTC 
 CGCCCCTGGGGGCAGGTGCGGGCGGCAGGGACCCGCCCCAAGGCCCGGGCGCGGG 
 AGCCGGCGCACCGAGGCGGACGAGAGGGAGGAACCAGCGTGAGGACCCACAGGCG 
 GCCCTGGCAGAGCTTGGCTAGGGCGTAGCGGGGACCCGCCCCACCTGCGCCGCGGG 
 ATGGTGCCCAGAGGGGACCCCTCCCACTGGATTCCTCTGGGGTCCGCGAAGCCCGC 
 GGCCGCGCGTGGGTAGCAGACAGCGCCCCTAATTTGGCATCTTTCTCTTCTGGAGCT 
 GCACAGGCTTCAGAGGCTGTACAGGGTCTTCGCCTGGGCCTCCATTCTCACTGCTCA 
 TCCAGGGAAAAAGGGTTCATCTGTCCCC 
   
 >2:176638778-176638958 (SEQ ID NO.: 269) 
 TGAAATAATCATGTCCAGAAATGTATCAAAGGCCAGAGGGATTATCCCACTTAATA 
 GCTCCACAGATGCGCCCAGAAGAATGTGGACGCGCGACAGGACGGGCTGAAAGGCT 
 GCAGGAGGAAGCAGGCAGCCCCGGCTCCTGGCTTTACCATTTCGGTTGCTTTCCTAA 
 AAGGCTACATGC 
   
 >2:197786407-197786887 (SEQ ID NO.: 270) 
 GGGAGGAGAGAGCGAGCGGTCAGGCAAAGCTCCATGCACGCCTTCCCCTCTCCTCC 
 ACTTGAGAAGAGTCGGCCTCTGGGACTGGTGGGTTTCGAGAGGTTGAGGTGACCTTA 
 AGGCTTTACTGAGGTAGAAGAAGCCGGTTGACGGGCGACTTCCGAAGACTGGTGTA 
 AAGCGAAGAAGGTTCTAGAGTCAAACTCTGACTCTCGGGGCCTGACTCGCAAAACT 
 CGGGGGCTCCCGAGAAGCCGCGGACGCCGCTCTGCACCTGTTGCCGCCGTCACTCAT 
 CCCGCCAGGCGGGCGGGGCCGCGCGGGTGGCTTGGTCAGGACCTGCCATTCAGCCC 
 AGTCGGGCTCCGGTGCTCGCCCCGGACGGCGCCCCAAGCGGGTCCCGGCCCCGCTG 
 AGCACCTCCAGCAGTGGCACAGCCTCTGGAGGGGTCCGGGACGAAGCCACCCGCGC 
 GGTAGGGGGCGACTTAGCGGTTTCAGCCTCC 
   
 >2:236507319-236507799 (SEQ ID NO.: 271) 
 TCTCTGAAGGACGGTGGCAGCAGGGGTCAGGGCACTACCAGGAGCTACAGAGGATT 
 TGGGTGGGGGGTCTTCTGGAGGGAGAAACCAGGACTGCGAGAATCTTCTGCTTCGG 
 GCAGGAAAAGGTGAGGCCGGGTTTGCTTCGCAGGCACGGAGCGCGCAGGCGCAGA 
 GAGGTGTTTCACTCCTTCCCGTCGCGACCCAGAGACTCGCGAACCTCACTTCGGCCA 
 CTCAGGTGGGCGCGACGCGGCCCTAGCAACGGAAACGCCGCGCCTGCGCATTGCCT 
 TCCGCCTGCCCCCTCCCCCCCCCCGCCCCCCGCATTCCGCGCCTGCGCCACCGCGGG 
 AGGCCTGGGTGGGCGCAGCTGTGGGAGCCGGTCGGAGTCCGAGCGCTCCGTCGCGG 
 GGCCCGGCCGCTTGGCGAGCCTGCTCCGGGCCCCAGCACTTAGCCTGTGGTCCTCCA 
 GGCCGTCTTCCCGCTTTCCTGCTGGCCCCAT 
   
 >3:14880783-14881083 (SEQ ID NO.: 272) 
 CATTTTAATTGTCCAAAACTAATTGCCCTTTTACAAGTCTGTGATATAAGAGGCAGG 
 AAAGCAATGTGGAGACAGAGGTGATTTCCATTAACAGAGGCCTGGCAGCAGGCAGG 
 CACTCACCGACGCTTTTCAGGGAAGTCCGTCTCCTGATTAATGTGCTTCCGGGGGCA 
 GACAGCGGATGCGTCTCCTTGCTCAGGGATGGGGTGCATGGGGGCATGGTCTGAGG 
 TTTTGTGCAGGTTGTTTGAGGTTTCCTTAGCCCTCTTGCTGAGAAAGGCAGGAAGAG 
 GACAGTGGAGTGTTTCTG 
   
 >3:32026520-32026820 (SEQ ID NO.: 273) 
 AAAGGAACCCTTAAAGGAACTATATGGTTCTAAAAAAACCCTAAATGTATATTGCA 
 ACAGGATGCCTCCTACCACACACAGCAATGGCCGGGAGAGAAAGACGCAGAAAAC 
 CCTACCGTTAATATCTGCATTACCTTTTGCCTAGTGAACCAAGAGAGATCTGGGGAA 
 ATGACCGCCATACTAACGCTCTCTTTGTTTCAAAATAGCCCACACAGCTGCATTTTGC 
 AGGTGGTGAACAGCTTTTACTACTTTTAGTTGAGACAGCTCTAAGCTGAGGAAACGG 
 GCATGAACTGCAGTTCCC 
   
 >3:37453325-37453874 (SEQ ID NO.: 274) 
 TCTATAGTGGCCAAGGGGTCCAGTTGTCCCCTGAGTCCGGAGGGGTGGGCCTAAGA 
 AGGGGGCAGCTCTCCCCCATTAAGCACCATAAGCCGAGTGGTACAGAGCTTGTGCC 
 CAACCCCAGCAGAGAAGCACTAAGGGGGGGTTGGTGCCCTCCTTGGCCACATCCTC 
 TGGACCAGAGGGTATAAACAGCCACACAGTGGTCACTTCTTGATAGGAGAGAGAGT 
 TAGGCTGCGGGAAGTTCCCCCGTTCAAGGTCGTGCCTCATGGGGGCCCAGGTGACA 
 GCCAGGCCGGGGTTGATTTTATTGTGTATTCACCAGCCTGAGCGTCCTTAGGGGTGG 
 CAGGCAGGGAGGTCGAGGTCACTGATGCTGGTGCTCTCAGCATGTAGTTATGCAGG 
 AGAGTCACTGCTCTGTATTGGACAGAGGCTGATGGAAAAGGGTGGTTTGTGGATCG 
 CAGTACTCAAGCATTCCTGGAAAAGGGGACTCTGAGACCAGCCCACTAAGAATCAT 
 GCTGTTCAGGAGATCAGCCTTCAAGAGAACCAGTTTTCAAAGCCC 
   
 >3:49277016-49277327 (SEQ ID NO.: 275) 
 TCTCGCGGAGGAACCCGCCATCTGCCAGAAGCCCCAAAGACGCCCCGCCCCACTTC 
 CCACAGCTTCCTGGCCCGCCCCGCCGCTGCCTCCCGCCCCACCGCGGCTCCCAGGCC 
 GCTGGCCCTACCGGCACCCCCCCTTTGGCGAGTCGGCAGCCACGTCCTTGTCCTCAC 
 CCGCAGCGCAGTGACGCCGACCCATCCAACGGTCATCGCATGCGCGTGCCCCGCGC 
 AGGCCCCAAACCCCCACGGATTAGGTTGAAGGTCAGACAAAAAATCCCGGACCCAT 
 ACGTCCGGTTCCTTAAGGCCTTGCCCACAC 
   
 >3:125357496-125357736 (SEQ ID NO.: 276) 
 GCCCACTCGCCCAGCCACGGGCCAAGAGCGCACGGACCCAGGCGGGCGGCAGCCCA 
 CCCGCCACCACGCAGCTCCACTTCGCTGTTCCACAGCCACCAACCGCACAGCCGGCA 
 CAGTCCCGCCCGCGCAGCTGGCCCAATCGGGCCTGGGCTGCAAAAGCCCAGGGAAT 
 ATGAGGGCTCCCTACTTCCAAGTTTCTTTAATAAAAATATTACATTTAATGATGCTTG 
 TCAATATCCTCACC 
   
 >3:126267526-126267946 (SEQ ID NO.: 277) 
 CGCAAGCGAGGGGAGGAGACGCAAAGCCGGGGAGTGAGTGATTAAAGAAAAGAAA 
 GAAGGGCTTCTTGCAGCTCCGGGCTGTGTTTTTTCCTGCGCGCCCTGGCGCAGTCCC 
 CGGCTCGGAAAGGCAGGAGCACGTGAGCGGTTTGCAGAGCAGCCCGGCCCAGCCGC 
 GCGCCCGTGGCCGGAGGCTCCATTTACCCTCCGCGGAGGGCGCTGTGCGGCGGCAC 
 TTAAGCGGCAGCTTCCTCTCTCCCAGGCGGCCTTTGTGGCTGTGGCCGGGACAGGGA 
 AAAGCTGCCCAGGCCAAGAGGGCGGGGGCGTCAGGGGCAGCCAGCGCCGCCTTTGC 
 GCAACTGAAGCGGATGAAGCCGCCTGCTCTCAGGTCTTCTAAGGAGAAGGTCTTTTT 
 ATCACTCCCATTTTACAGATGAGGAAA 
   
 >3:128491607-128492807 (SEQ ID NO.: 278) 
 GTTCAATTCCAGCCCCTTAAAGCAGAAGGCTCCCTCCCTCGGCATCAGTGCAGGCTC 
 TCCCACCTCATTACTGTTCTGTGTCTTTGGGAATCGTAGAGTCTGTGGCCCCCACGTC 
 CTAGGTGTCTCGGCACCCTGGACCCAGGCGCCTCCGAGATTCTATATCGCTTCTGAC 
 CCCTACCTTCAAGCCTGGCAGGCTCCCCGCGGAACCCTGCTGAGACCCGGAGACAA 
 TCGGGCCGTGCTTCTCCCTCCTCCACGAACAGCCACGGTTTATTTGGAGCGGCCGGG 
 GCCGGCGGCCTGACAACTGGTAAATCCGTTTCGTTAGGCACAATTTGTCTGCAATTT 
 GTCAGCCCGGCTGGGAAACGCTCCCCAGACGCCTCGGCTGCCGCACGGGCCCTACC 
 TGGTTCTCGAATCCTGCCTGCTCATAAACGAATCCTAGCACGGGGTGCCTGCGTAGA 
 CCTGGAGCTCACCACCAGATGTTCCCGACCTCGGGAGAGGAGGCTTTTTCCAAAACA 
 ACGAATTTCCTTCCTTGTTTTCCGGTAAAGGAGCGTTCGCCACACACGGGGTCCCTG 
 AACGCGGGGCCTTTCCCCTCGTGGTTGGAGCAACGCGGAGTTCAAGCCTGGCCGCC 
 ACAGAATAATTTTAAATGCCCCGTTTTCAGACAGATCCAGAACGCCGTCTACGCCTA 
 CCGGCGGCAGATCTTCAAGCCCGCGGCGGCCCCATTCTTATTGAAATCCCACTAAAC 
 GGATTCCGACTCCGGCTTGGGGCGGGGGGAGACTTCCAGACCCGGCGCTCTCCCCC 
 ACACGCACCCCAGTCACACAGGATAAAGGGCTGCGGGGCGCAGCGCGCGGGGGCG 
 CAAGCAGGAGCGAGCTGGGTTAAGCCGCGAAAAGCCGGCGCACGGGACCAGCCGG 
 CAGGTGCAGCCGCCGCTCGGCGGCCCGGCTCGGACGCATCCGCCGCGGTGGCCTGG 
 GGATTGGGGGCGGCCGAGACAAAGGCCCCAGTTCGGGGGCCGGGAGGCGGGGGTG 
 CTTTGCGAGGCTCTGGGAATGCCAGGGTCTCGTGGCCTGTGGCTCCGAGAAATGGGA 
 AGACAAGAGGCCCGAGGCGGGCCTGCTGTGCCCAGGTAACCAAATACTCCCTCTGG 
 TTAAAGTCCCTATAACCAGGGTTTCCGGTCTCTGGCAGGGCCAAGGCGAGCCCCAA 
 AGGTAGGGGCCACAGG 
   
 >3:134650612-134651272 (SEQ ID NO.: 279) 
 TGGGGCAATCACGGGGCTGCGCGTTGCCACGGGACTGCGCGTTGCCACGGGACGCC 
 GGTGCCACTGCGGGGAAGCGACGGCAGCCATGGGGGAGAGGGTCGGGTTCGCTGAC 
 CTCGTTCGGGGGAGCAATGGGCGCCCCCCGGCGGGCAGGCCCTTGTGGCAAGGAGG 
 CCAAGGTGCCGGGGGACCCGGGGACCCGGGTCGGGCGCGCGTTACCTCCTCCGCGC 
 TGCAGCAGCGAGCTCGGGTTCGCCTGCTGGTCTGAGAGCGTACCCTGTGCGGCGCGC 
 CGCTTCTCCGAGTGCACGATCAGCAGCATGTCGATAGATACAGCGTTGATGTCCTTC 
 TTCAGCTCCATGATGCCGCCTCCTTTCCGACCTGGGCGCCGCGGCCGCACGCTAGGC 
 TGCTTGCGCTGCAAATGGCCCCGTGCGCGCAGCTGCCCCACACGGGAGAGGGCGAG 
 GGCGCGGAAGAGGGCGCTCCCCCGCCGCTGGAGCCGCAGGGCGCTGCTTTTCGCTG 
 ACTCTGCCAAACACGCCATTAGGGCCCGCCTGGGAGGGCGCTACCCTAATGAAGCG 
 GCTCTAAGTCACCTTTGAAAGGAAATCCCCGGGCCCAAGCCTTGACCTGCACCGGG 
 GCCATAGTCAGCAGGGGCGGCCGGTCCAGAGCCTCCCTCCCT 
   
 >3:147407874-147408234 (SEQ ID NO.: 280) 
 CATTTTAATATATAGTCAATGGCTCTTTGTGGAAGGGACAAAAAGAAACTACGCGCA 
 GTTGTTGAATAGACTTTGCGCTAGGCAAAGACAGGTTAATCGAGGGCCGCATCGCG 
 AAAACAAGCGAGTGTTGTATGTTTGCACTGAATCCAAATGTCTGCATTTTCCTAACT 
 AAATCAAAGGGAGTGTTATTTCTTTTTCTGCTCACTCATCTGAAGGTAAGTAAATTTT 
 CTCTGGCGATCAAAAGCCTGGTCGGCAACAAAGACCGCGCCCGCTTTTTCCACCGTC 
 CTGGTGTGGCGAGTTGCGGAATTTCAATAACTGTGACAAGGGTGACTGATTTGTGAA 
 CTAGAAAAGGTTTGAATGT 
   
 >3:160224533-160224833 (SEQ ID NO.: 281) 
 CATGTTAACTGGGAGCGCAGAATTCCTTTAAAGTCAAACTTTGCGAACAAGAATAAT 
 CTTGAAAAAGACCCTTTAGGCGCAAATCAACGCTCAAGAACGTTGCCAATCACTTGT 
 AACCTCCTTAGGCATTTCACGGATGTGTTATTTATGCTCAAGGAGGGGTCTCCTTTCA 
 GCCCGGCAACCCAAATCTTTGCTCTGTGCTTCGGACTCAGTGGGGGCTTGTCGGATG 
 AGCCACTGGGAAAATATGCGTCCCCTCACTTCTCCTTAATCAACTAAGGTCACCTTG 
 ACGGAGCGCTTCCCT 
   
 >3:161105353-161105533 (SEQ ID NO.: 282) 
 CCAGGGCCGCGGCCGGAAGCCCCTGGCTGCACGCGCGGGCCCAGGCGGCCCCCAGC 
 CCTGTGAGCTCGCATGGCGCGCCCTCTGGGTCCTCGCGGTCACCTTGCATTCCGAGC 
 ACGGCCGTGTTATGTATGCCTTTAGTTGATGCTGGCCAAAATTAGACAACTTAGTGG 
 CAGACGTCGAG 
   
 >3:173397661-173398081 (SEQ ID NO.: 283) 
 CTCTCCTCGCCGCTCCTCCCCGCCTCCCCGCGGAGGGTTGACCCTTCAATTCGGAGTC 
 CCGGCCTGTGGGCGGGCGGGGGAGCGCCGCGGCTGTAAGCCGAGGATCAGGCGGC 
 GGCGCGGAGAGCGCGCCCGGGCGGCCAGCGCCGAGCGCGCGGAGCTGGCGTGGGG 
 AGACACGGCAGGAAAGGCGAGTCGGAGTGGGTGATGAGAGGCCGGGAGAGCCCGT 
 CCGAGCCGGAGAGACCGGAGAGAAGGGAGCGAGCGACTGTGCGGCGCTCACGCTG 
 CCAGAGCCCGGGCGGAGTGCAGTCGCCTCCAAAGCCTTAGAGCGGCGCCCCAGTCA 
 CTGCAGCTCTTCACCCTAGAGCTGTGCCCTGGGACCACAGAGACCAAGAGCATGGA 
 AATCGGCTGAGAGGTACAAAAGAAATAAGGA 
   
 >4:1404179-1404659 (SEQ ID NO.: 284) 
 ATCGATCCGCAGGGCTGATACACACTTAATTAAACTCATTTTGTGTAGTGTACAAAC 
 TAGTTAAGGCCATTTAATTTATTTCGGCGTATATTACCCCCCAATTACCGCCGGCGCA 
 GGGCCAGCCAATTGCCGGGCATTTAATAACAGGCCCGGCGGTGGGGCCGGAGCCGG 
 CCGAGAGAATGGGGCTTGGGGGACCCAAATCCTATGCCCTGGCCCCGACCCTACCT 
 CAAGCCTCCAGGCCCTGAGCTTCGGTCGCGAGGGTCAGCCCCGGCTCCCCTGCCCGC 
 GCCTCGGCCCCTGCGCAGAGTTGCCGCGGGTAGGGCCCTGCTCGGCCTCACCAGGA 
 GGGCTGGGCGGGCGTGCAGGTCGGAGTGGCTCCCCGCGGCCTAAAGGCCCGGTCGG 
 CCGAGTCTGAACAGCAGCTCCGCATCCTCCAAGCAGAGGCCCTGAAGTGACTGCAT 
 TTTGAGTCTCTGAAATTTGGAAGAAAGCA 
   
 >4:1683738-1683918 (SEQ ID NO.: 285) 
 CTGCGCTCAGATTAACGGAAAAAGACACCCCTCTAGAGTCCGGCAGCAGCGGGCGG 
 GCACCGGCGCCTTCTCCACACAGGAGAATCTCGGCGATTTACACCCCCAGGCTACGC 
 AGAAAAAGCGGCTTCGGAATCCGCCGCAAGTCCCCTCCTCGGGTCGCCGGGGAAGT 
 CTGGCCTCCCGC 
   
 >4:7938762-7938942 (SEQ ID NO.: 286) 
 AAGAAATCAAGAAGCTCCGGGCAGTAGGGCCCTGCTCCCTCCAATCAGAGCCCAGC 
 CCGGGGCCAGAGCAGGAAGCGCGGCGGTGGGACGCGCGGTGACAGCCCCGCGCCC 
 CCCGGGGCCCGCCGGCCAGGGGAGAGGACGGTGCGGCCGCTGCGCGACAGCTCCGG 
 GCCCGCGCCTCTCG 
   
 >4:7940020-7940200 (SEQ ID NO.: 287) 
 GGGCTTGCGGGGTCCCGCGGGAGGACCCGCCTCAAAGAGCCGGCCCGATCATCGCC 
 TCCTAGAATACCCAGCTCAACGTCTACCTGGAGTCGGCTCTACAGGACGCGCTCATC 
 TCAAACCCAGAGCTCAGGCTTTTAGGGCAGAGAGCGAGAGAAAGGCTTGCTTTACA 
 GAAAGGGAAACT 
   
 >4:30720303-30721203 (SEQ ID NO.: 288) 
 GAAAGGGAGGGAGGGAGGGGAGGGATCGAGAGAGAGCGGGGAGAGAGAGGCTGC 
 AATCTCCTCCCTGAATCGCGCACAGCGCTGCAGATCCCACTGCTCCGACATGCGGGC 
 CGAATGCAGGTGAGAAAAGGCACGGACTCTGCGGCTGCGAACCCAAACTTGGGCAC 
 CGCACGGTGCGCACTGCTCAGCCTTCGCCCCCGTGGGCGAAAGGCTGCTGCGGTTTC 
 AGGCGGCTGCTTCGTGACTAATGACCTTGCGCAGAGTTGTTAAGAAAAAAGAGAAA 
 CCCGCGCTCTCCGGGGTGAGAAGGGACTGACTCTGGGCGTCTCTGAAGATGGCTCG 
 GGCTTCTCTTTGGCGCGCCGGGGGGACCCTGACACTGACCGCTCTGTGACGCGAGTA 
 GTCTCCCCTGCACCGTGCCCGAAGCGACGTGCCGGGGGATTTTTCATTCTCGATCTG 
 TTGACTGGCTCCCCCGCTGCATGAGCAGAGTCGGAGTTGAGACTGGCTTGTTGCTGG 
 CCCCAGCGCCTGGTGCAGGAAGCGACTCACGTTTGTCTGGGTGGCCGGAGCCGGAG 
 CAGAGCCTGGGTTTGGAGTGAGTGCCTGGAACGTGAATTGGACTCAACTCGAGTAG 
 CAGCAAAGACCAGCGGGCTGGCAGGCGGGGGAGGCTGCAGGCTCATTCCCCACCTC 
 TTCCCAGCCCCACTGCCCGTCTGCCGGAGCGGTTCTGGCCCCTTCCGACAGAGCGGG 
 GACTAGAGCCGGGGATTCTCCGCCCGCTGAGGGGATGACTCTGGGTTGGGGGAGCG 
 CCGAACCCGCGGCGCGCAGTGTCCCGTGAACTGTGAGTACTGCGACTGAACGGCGG 
 CAGGCGAGCGGGCGATTAGCACCCATTGCATGAATTATGAAACAATAACTTTCGGA 
 A 
   
 >4:41866325-41866745 (SEQ ID NO.: 289) 
 CCAGCGTGCGAATTCCGCCCCGGGATGCGAAGGAGTTCGAACGCATGGAGTGGAAA 
 ACAGGCAGGCGTGATGTGGCCATAGTGGGAGTCAAGACTGCGGAAATGGAGCGACC 
 TGCAGGCTAGAGGAGAGATCCACGTGCGGGATCCACTTTGACCTCGGCTTCATCTCT 
 GATGCTCTTACTGTGTTCGCTTCGGCTTTGGAGTCCAAGATATGTGCGGTCCCCACTA 
 CGAAACCAGCTGCCTGCACCCGGATTCCAGAGCCTAGGCCCTTACCTATGGGAAATC 
 CTATAGCTCCAGATGCTGGAATCCGAGCTCTGATAGGAAAACGCCCTAATGCTGGCA 
 TCTCTCGCTTAGCACATAGGCAAGAAAATGGGGCACGACCCCCAAATCCACTCCCTT 
 CCAGCCTCCGAAAAATGCACCCA 
   
 >4:41878205-41878505 (SEQ ID NO.: 290) 
 AGGCGAGAGAGAGAATCGCCCAGGCGGCTTAGGCAGCCAGTGGGCCAGTGGGCCT 
 GCGCGCCGGGGTCAGGATGGCAGGGCAGTGTGTCCATCCTGGCGGGACAGTAATTG 
 CCCCGGGTCTGACACGACGCCGGGGGCTCAGGGCGCCTCCATCCATCTCCATCCAGT 
 TAGCGACGCGCCCCCCGACCGGGCGGGTGGCCGGGCTTGGGCCTCAGCTCCGAATA 
 ATGAGAACAATTGTCTCCCCGCCTGGCATAGCCCTCCGCCGCTCCTCCGGGTTCGCT 
 GCCCCTCTCATTTCTCTAGC 
   
 >4:54231766-54232486 (SEQ ID NO.: 291) 
 AAGAATGAACCCGTCGTTAGCCCCCGGTGCCCTGGCTCTTGTTTAAATCCTTAGATC 
 GAGAAGGACTTGAAGGAGATCCCAGGCTCCCAGCTCTGCGCCCCTGGGCCAGTTTC 
 CTCTCGGGACGCGGACTGAGGAGGGATGCAGGGGGAGGGGCATTGGGCCGGGCTTT 
 CCAGCTGCAAACACGTCTGGCGCCGAGGCGGGCCCATTTTGTGCCTCCTGGGGACG 
 GACCGTGGGCGGCGCGCAGCGGCGGGACGCGTTTTGGGGACGTGGTGGCCAGCGCC 
 TTCCTGCAGACCCCACAGGGAAGTACTCCCTTTGACCTCCGGGGAGCTGCGACCAGG 
 TTATACGTTGCTGGTGGAAAAGTGACAATTCTAGGAAAAGAGCTAAAAGCCGGATC 
 GGTGACCGAAAGGTGTGGGTCTCAGGGTTCCCCGGGTCTAACTCGCCGGGTCCAAC 
 CGCAGCATCAGCCTTGGGGCGGCAGATAATCTTTCGGTCTCGCCTGGGGCGCAAGAT 
 GCAGGATCGGGGGCAAATGGCTTCTCCCAACTTCCCCCTAATTCGGGTTCTGCCAGA 
 TGGTTGTCGTTTGCTGAAGTGGCTCGGCGGCATTTCCTTTTGTTTTAAACTGATCAAT 
 GAGCGAACCTGGGATGGGCTGAAAAAGTAGATTGTAGGAGGGAATAATGGGAAAC 
 CCGACTTGGGGCGCCTCCTTCCCTGCCTCCTACTGCAGTTTCTC 
   
 >4:56530240-56530420 (SEQ ID NO.: 292) 
 TTAGAAACTGACATGTTCTACCCCAGGGCCTCCGCGAACGACAGCAGGCGAGAATC 
 CTTGCTCTGGACACGGGGAACAGGGTCAGCATCTCGTCTCCTATCTCCACCGACCTG 
 TCTCTGGCTTTTCTTAGTCCCCAGATGCGCCCAGAAGGTCCTGGAGAGTGGTGCGTC 
 CCCTTGGCAAC 
   
 >4:165873652-165874192 (SEQ ID NO.: 293) 
 TCCTTACCTGCCCTCCGCCCACCCGTGGGCCCCTAGCCAACTTCTCCCTGCGACTGG 
 GGGTAACAGGCAGTGCTTGCCCTCTCTACTGTCCCGGCGGCATCCACATGTTTCCGG 
 ACACCTGAGCACCCCGGTCCCGCCGAGGAGCCTCCGGGTGGGGAGAAGAGCACCGG 
 TGCCCCTAGCCCCGCACATCAGCGCGGACCGCGGCTGCCTAACCTCTGGGTCCCGTC 
 CCCTCCTTTTCCTCCGGGGGAGGAGGATGGGGTTGGGAACGCTTTCCCCGAGGATGC 
 TCGTGTGGCTGGTGGCCTCGGGGATTGTTTTCTACGGGGAGCTATGGGTCTGCGCTG 
 GCCTCGATTATGATTACACTTTTGATGGGAACGAAGAGGATAAAACAGAGACTATA 
 GATTACAAGGACCCGTGTAAAGCCGGTAAGTGGCTCTCCAGGTTGGGACGGTGGCG 
 CGCCGGGGGCCGCTGCGCTGGGTTTCCCATGGGTGGCGGTGGGAGCTCACCTGTTTC 
 CTTCCCTCCCGCGTCAGCCCCTCCGCCGCCC 
   
 >5:77210543-77210783 (SEQ ID NO.: 294) 
 GGTGCGGGAGCCCGGCGAGGTCGAGCTGGGCGGCGGCGGGGGCCGCGCCGAGGGA 
 GGAGGGGAAGGCGGAGGCGCGGGGAGCGTGTTTGGGGCGCCGCGGCGGGGAGGGT 
 GGCGGCCGCTGGTGCGCGCGGGGCGCTGTGTATGCGCGCTCCCCCGCTCGGGGAGG 
 AAGATGGCCCAAAAGGGAAAGTTGGGGTGACGCGCGCGGTCCCCGGAGGCTCGGC 
 GGGGGGCACCGCGGCCAGCC 
   
 >5:93579016-93579376 (SEQ ID NO.: 295) 
 CTGGAGGCAGGGCTATGAGCACAAGTGGGGCGCCCTGTGGGTGTGCAACCGCGGTC 
 GGGGAGCACAGGCTTCCGAAGAGAAACTGAGCTCTAAGTGCCACTCAGGCCGGACG 
 AGTTCCAGAGGGGGACAGCGCCCTCCTCGAAAAGCCTTGGTTTCTCCCCGCCCCCTC 
 TTGTGACAGAAAGTTGGCAAGGATGCCCCGTAGGAGTGCGAGCCGCTCCCCTCCTCC 
 GAAAAGCCGCGGGCTTCCGCTGCTCCGGGCATCACCACCAACAGCTTCCCACTCCCA 
 CCCCTGGGACTAGGACAGGGGACTTCACCCTCCTCCTTCCTTCCGGAGGAGCCCGCG 
 GCTTCGCCTGAGGCCTCGCGG 
   
 >5:93621604-93621784 (SEQ ID NO.: 296) 
 TGGTTTCCCCTGCGTGCGGGATCGCACAGCGCCTGTTTCCTTGCTTCCCAAGGGGGT 
 GGTGTGGAGGGGAAGGGGGAATGATTTTTCTTGCGTCTCCCGGAAGCTGTGCTGTTA 
 GACACAATTACCTCAGCTAGGTCACTGAGACCAAATCATACGGGACGCTTAATGAA 
 GGACCGCATTC 
   
 >5:173236238-173237198 (SEQ ID NO.: 297) 
 TGCGGCTCGGTCAGGCGCGTGGGGGAAGGGCAGGGCAAGTGGGGTGATCATGATCA 
 TTTTTAGCCCAGGGTCAGTAGAGTAGGGCACAGAAGTCAGACAAATCTGCCAGAGT 
 TTCAGGAGCGCCAGCTACATGGCCAGATCCTGCCCGGGTGGCCTCATTTCTCTGGGT 
 CCCCGCACTCCTTGGGAGGTCTGATGAAAGCTTGGGGTCTTCTCCATTCCCCAGAAC 
 ACTGCAGAGAGGAGTTTTATTTTGCTTACAATTCAGGAGTCCGGGCAGGCAGAGCG 
 GGCCCAGGTTAAGGACGCCTTCTAGAGCTGGGGATGACAGGATTTGTCAGTGGAAA 
 AGCGTTGGCTTCTCACGGCCCTAGCTGGTACAGGGAACCGCGGGCGGGAAGCTGGG 
 CGGGACGCGTGGACTTGCTGAGAATGGGGATGTGGAGGGCTTGGCTCTTTGCGGAG 
 TGCGGGTTGGCAAGAGGCGCTTGGAGTAGAATAAAGGCGGCGCAGGGCCAAAAACT 
 ACCTAAAGACACAGCTCCCGCAGGCGCGCCCAAGGTGCGGAGGAAACGCTCCATGT 
 ATGGGGACAAAATAGTGTCTGTCCAGAACGTACATCTTGGGTGCTCAAACCCGACA 
 GTGTGCCGTCTGAGACGCCGACGCAAGTGAAGTCAAGCATTGGCCTGATGTTGGGA 
 CTTTTCCTGTCCCTCATCAAAGCCACACTCCCAGGACCTGGGGCCTCCATGCTGGGG 
 AGAGAGGTGAGCCCCGCAGGGCAGCCCAGGAGGCGCGCAACGCCCTGACCCCGGCT 
 TCTAGGCGCCAGCCGTCAGTAACAGGCCTGGGCTGCCACGCCGAAATCACGCCTCG 
 AGTTTCTGAGCCAGGGACTACTGGGGGTCTGGAATTGTTAGTCTAGTCTGTGGAGGA 
 TGCCTTTTCTTAAATGTGGGGCGTTCAAGGCCCAGGAAACCTCGTCCCCCCACCTCT 
 TCAC 
   
 >5:173283672-173284272 (SEQ ID NO.: 298) 
 GCACTCCAGGCGCGTCCAGCACGTTGCTTTTCTCATTTGCTGCTGCTCCGGGATCTTT 
 GGCAGCAGCAAAACCCCATTCTTTTAAGGGCTGCGCAGAGTTGTGCCGCCCATGCCC 
 GGCTGGTTTGAAGGTGCCCCATGGGCGGGCGCGGACGTGTGGTTGCTCCAGTGTTTC 
 CTAGAGCACTCTCAGCCACGCCCCCGCCACCCCAGCGGCGCTGCAGGAACCAGCCC 
 GCCGCCAGCGCGAAGGTGAGACCGGGCGCCACGTGCTTACCCGGCGGCCTCCGGAA 
 CCAGCCCTGCCCGCCGGCTGTGCGCGGATGCCTGCAGACGCCGAGCTGCTGCCCCCG 
 TGTGGCCTGGTGCGGGGGCTCCTCCTGCTCACTGGGGGCGCGTCCCGGTAAACCAGA 
 ACCTCAGCCCATCAACTCACTCGTGGGGTTACTGAGGAGGAGAATCTTTGGTTCTCA 
 CCGTCATGGCTCACCCAGTGGCTGAATCCCGCTCGCACGTGCCGCATCCAGGCAGCT 
 GTGGAAACTGGTTGAAACCAGGATGGTCAGCTGCTACCCTGTGTTTGGGGGACTATG 
 TGACAGTGCCTGCTGTGTCCCTATTCTGGTGC 
   
 >5:175772822-175773002 (SEQ ID NO.: 299) 
 CTCCAAGCCGACGCGCCCTGTTTTATGCCTTGAGTAGGCGGGAGCCTTGCAGGTCTG 
 TGGGTTTCTTTCTCAAAGGAAAATTGCTGGGCTCGTGAGGAACAGCCTCGGGCACTT 
 GCTCTACTTGGAAAGGGTGAAGAGCGCGGGCTTTGGAACCCTAGGCGCGCCCGCAA 
 TCCCAGCTCTG 
   
 >6:17102332-17102512 (SEQ ID NO.: 300) 
 ATTCAAGGTAATAAACAAACAAACAAACAAACAAACAAACAGACAGAAAGCCTTTT 
 GCCTGGGAGGTCTCGCGATTCCCACGCTTGGGGGCGACAAGAGTTGGCTGGAGCAG 
 GGTCGGTCGAGGCTAGTTAACAGGTGGGAGCAACTTTATTCTGCCGGTGTTTAACTG 
 CTGTCTTAACCG 
   
 >6:25041894-25042434 (SEQ ID NO.: 301) 
 TCTGATCCAGTGTAATCGCGAAGGTAACACCATGGTCCCAACAGAGCGGCCTAAAA 
 CCTGCTCATGGCAAAGGAACAAAAGGGTCTTGCAGCTATCCTGGAAGTTAAGTCCA 
 GACGTATAAAAATGAAAAAGAAAACTTAACCCCCCCCTTTTTGTTCTTTTCTTAAAA 
 AAAAAAAAAAGAGTATTTGAGGCTTCCGTTGACTTCTTTTATCTTGTAACTTGCCTTG 
 CCTTTCCTTCCCTTAACTTCCGACTGGCCCGAAGGCAGCTGCTGTGCTGGGCTGCCCT 
 AGCCTCCTGTGCCATGTTTTATGCATGAAGATGATGGGGCGGTAATTTATTCAAGCA 
 GAGACGATCACCGGGCTCCTGTGTCTGCCCTCGCGTCAGAGGAGCCGTGCAATGGC 
 AGGGGGAGGGCAGGTGTGTCTGACTGCACGCAGGAATGGGCTGAAATGGGAATCCC 
 TCTCTGTAGGCAGAAATGAAGAGCAGAGCTTTGCTGCTAGAGCTGAATCAGAGCAA 
 CACCCCTTACCTTTTAGGGCGTATGATTTAT 
   
 >6:28657067-28657555 (SEQ ID NO.: 302) 
 CCAACGACTGTTTTTACTTAGGGAAACTACTGAACTGCCCCCCGATTCCTTACCGCA 
 TCTCTGCATTGTCCCAAGTTGGAAGTTGAGACTAAAGCACCAAGATACAAGAGACG 
 CGGCATCCCAAAAGGAGATTTTTGTGTATTCTGCGAAATACACAAAAGGGCTAGCC 
 AAAGAAAGTCCTCACACACGTGCATGGTATAAAAGCACCAGCTTTAAAAAGAGAAG 
 TGTTTTTGTTTTTTTGTTTGAGAAGCATAATTGAAGTGAGCAGTTTTAGAATCAGTGC 
 AGCAAATTTAGAGATTTCAAAAGAGATCAATATAGAAGGGATCAAATCCACACAAT 
 CATGGGAACGCTATGAACTCACTGGCAAAATGCAGTCACTGAAGGAAAAACGTCAG 
 TGTCAAAATGCTACTATTTCACCTCTTTGTGTACGATTTCTGAGAGAACTGCCACGTT 
 TGGAGATGCTAAATTTACCCAATGCCTTCGTAGCCT 
   
 >6:29553847-29554027 (SEQ ID NO.: 303) 
 CGTTTGCCGTCATCCTGGCCTCCTACGGTGCCGTGGCCCGAGCTGTCTGTTGCATGC 
 GGTTCAGCGGAGGCCGGAGGAGGGCGGTGGGCACGTGTGGGTCCCACCTGACAGCC 
 GTCTGCCTGTTCTACGGCTCGGCCATCTACACCTACCTGCAGCCCGCGCAGCGCTAC 
 AACCAGGCACG 
   
 >6:31308135-31308735 (SEQ ID NO.: 304) 
 CCCACCCCAGCTCCTTCCTCCCTCTGTCATTGGTCACAGAACAAGTCAGTCATGATC 
 CAGATTGAAGGAGAAACCTGGAGCAAAATGGCCCCAGCGCTTCCCCACCTGAGAGG 
 GATCAGCTGAGGCCCCGCCCCCCCATCCCTGGGAGAACCGGGCTGGTCACTCTGGG 
 GTCGGGGCGGGGCACACCTGTGCCCGGAGTCTGAGGTCACTCACCGGCTGACCCTG 
 GTGGTGGTGCGGGCCCAGGAACCTCAGGCCCCTCAGTAACACATTCCCTGCGGTCTT 
 CGAGAACTTTCCTCAGGGCGCCCACAGCCCTGTGCCATCTTCTCCACCCGCGCTTCA 
 CGCTCTGATTCTCGCCGCGGCTGTGGAAGCTCAGGAATCGCGTGTCGCCCACGAAGG 
 CGCCGCGGAGGAACTCAGGGCCCACGTGGTGAAGGCGGAGCCCGGCGGCCTTCAAG 
 TACCCGGGGTGCGGGCCTGGGCTCCGGGAACCCGCACATTGCGGGCGGGAGAGGCG 
 CAGGGTGCCTGGGACGCCGCCCCGCTCGCCTCTCTCCTGGACGCCGTCGCCCTGCCT 
 CCCCGCGGGGACACAGCCTCCCTCCCACGTCCCGCC 
   
 >6:42726729-42727149 (SEQ ID NO.: 305) 
 CGACGAGGAGGGCGGTGCTGAGCCCATAGCAAGTCTGTGGATGCCCCCTGGTGGCC 
 CTAAATAGAATGGCTTCAATGGATGGAAATTTAACGTGCTCGCATCCCCAGCACGTT 
 AAATTACCCAGAAAAGTAAGAGAAAAAGAACAGACACATCAGAAATGTCTCTGGCC 
 AAACCTTTCAAGTACGAATCAAGGCAAGATATGGCGATGAACAAGCAGAGAAAAGT 
 GGACTGCAAAGGAAGCAGTAATTAATCTGTCAGAGAAGGGAGGGCTCCTTCCTGCT 
 TCCGGACCATGTTGGATGTGAGTCTAGATGCGAGACATCTATTATAGAGATAATAGA 
 AGAGGTTAGCGGAACCAAGGATGGTTCACTTTTCTTCTTTAGAAATACCATTAATGC 
 TGATCGTCTTCGCCGCCGCCTGCGTG 
   
 >6:43174231-43174471 (SEQ ID NO.: 306) 
 CGTCCTAGGGGACAGGTGTCCATCCTCACTTTCCTGATAGAAGACCGCCCCCCTAGA 
 TAAGCGGGCGGCCTCCGTGCCCATATAAGGCCGGCTTGGGCTCCACGCCGGCCTCCC 
 GCCCGCAGCCCGCCTGCCTGGCAGGGCCTTTGCATTCCTCCCGCCAGCTGTCTCCCC 
 GCTAGGGGCGGGGGTGTAGTTTAGCCCGGCCCTCCGGGCTGGGTCGCCAGGGAGTA 
 GAAAGGGAGCACTC 
   
 >6:46735424-46735814 (SEQ ID NO.: 307) 
 CTGGTGATGCTGGAGGAGGTACCGGGGAGGAGCGTGTGTGGCCCCGGCCTCTCACT 
 AGCAGCGGCGGCTCCCGACGCTAGCCTGCTCGAGCGCACCCAGCACCCTCCCCAAG 
 ACCATGGCCCGCACCTGGACCCGCGGTTAACTTAGCCCGCCGCGGAGAGAGCCAGG 
 CAATGCCTGGGTGGTGTCGTGCTCACCAGCTCCTTTCCGCAGACCTGATGCCGATCA 
 GATTTACTCCCTGCTGAATTCACCCCCCAGTCAGGCCGGTTTTCCTTGTTTCACCGTG 
 TTCTCTGAATACACTGAATTACTCCGAGCATCTATAGTTGGCAATGCCCTGCGCATTT 
 TCCGCACTCCGATACACTTTACACTGAACACCAATTCGGAAGTTGTGTGG 
   
 >6:56955981-56956161 (SEQ ID NO.: 308) 
 GCTGCAGTGTGCCTTTCTGCGGACGGCCACGGCCACCTGGCCAGGAAGCGGCTGCT 
 GCAGCAGTCATTCTGCGGCATCTTGCGGCCTTGGCGGGCGGTGCTGTGCCGCGTTCT 
 GCTGCCCCCAAGGCAATGCTGGCTTTCCCTGTGTGGGGCTGGATTGTTTGTTTCATTT 
 ACTCGCATAA 
   
 >6:83708290-83708710 (SEQ ID NO.: 309) 
 GGGTGCTGGACTAGCCACAACGTGCGTTGGGGTTATTCCCTGGGCGCCGCACCCACC 
 GGTGCCCATCTCCCACCTCAGCAGACTTTCCTCCTAGCAGCCCGCAGGCTTCGGGGA 
 ATGCATCGGATACCCAAGCCCTGGCTGCCTCCCTCCTCCTCCTCGCGCTGCTGCAGC 
 AAAGGGCTCGTCCTCCCTCAGTCGCGAAGGAGATTATCCTAGCGTTGCGCCATGTTA 
 TGCCCTCGCCTCCCCTTCCTTCCTCGCCGCCGGCTCCAAAGCCTCGCCGAGGCCCATC 
 GCCCGGGCCCCTTCCCCCCGGTTCCAAATCCCTGCCGCAGGGGCCGCCCGGGAGCTC 
 TGCGGAGGCGCCGGAGTCTTGGGGCGCCTCACCCTTCCTGGCTTTGGAGAGGAGCC 
 GGGCTGACAGCGAAGCCCAGTC 
   
 >6:98833379-98833919 (SEQ ID NO.: 310) 
 GCCAAAGACATAGACTAACCCCACCCGCTAGCGCCCACCGAAGTTACTGATTAGGA 
 AGGTTCCCCTGGCATCAGCCCATTTGCTTCACACACTCTTCCTCCTTCCCAAGGGGCT 
 AACGGAAAAGTTGCACCTACCAGCGGTAGGAGCACGGGGAATCGCGCACGCAGGC 
 CCTCCGCGCGGCTTCCCGGAGCGGCCTTTGGCGACTGCGCCGCCCCTACAAGGCCGC 
 ACACCCCTCGCCAGCACTCCGGCAGCCTCGCACAAGACGGAGCCCACGCAGGCTTC 
 TAGTTTTCTAAACCAAAAACTGCACGCGCCGGCGTGTGAATCTGACGGAGAGACTTT 
 TAGAGTTTTGTTTGGTTTTCAGTTCAGACCGCTACGCTGTCAGAGCAAGCAACTCCG 
 AGCCTTGATGGGAATGACTTACAAGCCGCGGTGCGGGCTGAGCCTGCCTCTCTCGGG 
 GTTCTTTCCCCAAGGGAGTGGGAGACAATTGGGCCTGGAACCTAAAAGGAAGAGAG 
 CCTGTGCTAGCCGCGGGGTAGAGGGGAAGGAG 
   
 >6:167351042-167351222 (SEQ ID NO.: 311) 
 CTGCCACACACCGCAGGCAGCGCTGACAGACTCGGCCTTCCGGGAGCGCAGGCGGG 
 TGGGGGGCGCCGCCCTTGTCGCTGTCCGGAGCCCCGCAGGCCCGTGGCCCCCTGCCT 
 GGTTCTCCCGCCTCTGCAAGCCTAGCCTTCAGGACTCCGCCTCGCCCCCCTCTTTTCT 
 GTTCGGAGAC 
   
 >6:170736319-170736619 (SEQ ID NO.: 312) 
 TGGCTCAAAATATTCAAAATTTTTTCCAGAGTTTGGCCTTTTCTTCAGCACTGGGAAT 
 TGTGATCCAAAGCTTTTCCTGATGAGGCACAAAGTTGGAGAAACAAAACGCAAACT 
 AAGCAACAATGAAACAGAACAGAGTGAATCTGCTGTAGCTCAAGAGAGGACGTAGC 
 TGCCCCCACTCCGCATCCCCGGGCTCGGGTTTGCCTTGCTGACCTCTGCTGCCACCTG 
 GTGCCGCACAGAGAAACTGAGGAGAAACCACATCAGTCTCCTTCAGCCTCAGCTTC 
 ACATCTGTGGTGGGTCA 
   
 >7:351113-351413 (SEQ ID NO.: 313) 
 ACAACTGCACACAGTCCAAAACTCACGCTCACACACATCAAAACACAACTTCGCAC 
 GTCCAAAACTCACACACACACACGACACAACTTCACACAACGTCCAAAACTCACGC 
 TCACACACATCAAAACACAACTTCACACAGCGTCCAAAACTCACGCTCACACACAT 
 CAAAACACAATGTCCAAAGCTCACGCTCACACGCGCGTTGAAAGCAGCCGGAACAA 
 CACAATTTCCTCCAAGGGGAAATGCCGATTCGAATGACAGCGAATTTCTCATCGGAA 
 ACCATGCAGGCCAGAAGGAA 
   
 >7:19118914-19119214 (SEQ ID NO.: 314) 
 CTTTTTGAAATGAATTGAGGTAAAATAACCGTTTCAGGTCCATCCCTTACATGGCAA 
 AGTAAAAAGCTGGAGTCAGTACACAGTGTTGGGGTGGGGGCAGCGTTTGGGGGCGA 
 CGAGTTTTGTGCACCGCGCTGGAGTACCCTGCACATAAGGTCCGCTCATGGGCTTCT 
 CAGTACGGACTCGCCGGCGGGAACAATTAATTGAGCAAAGCGCCCCTTTCTGGGCT 
 GGAGCAAGGTTCGCGGCTGCAGATATCTCAAGCTGAAGGCAAGAGCCCAGGCGAGG 
 CGCAGGCAGGCCACGTGGC 
   
 >7:28957779-28957959 (SEQ ID NO.: 315) 
 GGTCCAGCCGTCTGAGCTGCCCCAGACGGTGGAAGTCGAAGGCCGTGATGTTGGTT 
 ATGAAGTTGCCGCCGAGGCTGTAGGTGAGCACGTCGTGGGGGCTCGGCAGCGAGCT 
 GGTCTTGGGCACTACGCGGAGCCCCCTGTTGGTGCACAGGAGATGCTGGGGATGCT 
 GGCAGTCGCAGCG 
   
 >7:35254531-35255011 (SEQ ID NO.: 316) 
 AAGAAAGTAGGGAAGCGCTCAGTAGAATCCGGCGCCTCTGAGCCGGCGCCAACTGG 
 CCAGGTCCATACTCGGGGCAGATCCCAGGGCTGGGACTCTCATTCGATGGTCCCAAA 
 TTTGATCTCTTTGACAGTGGGGCTGAGCAAATGCAGCCCTGAAAAAGATAAGCTTAG 
 CGAGAGCTGCGGGCATTTGGCAAAGGATGCTGCTCTCAGAACCGTGGCTTCTGCTCC 
 TCACCAGTGCGTCTCTAGCCTGGGGCTCCTATTTTCCCTAGAGGGACCCTGGAAAAT 
 GGGACGGCTGCCGAAGAGAAGGCGAAGGTCAGGGCGCGGAGCTCTACGGTAACCA 
 CGCGACGCGTAGTGGGAGAGTGCGAACCTTATGGTAGCGCCCGGACTAAGCGGACA 
 CAGACCCCTCTGGTTTTACAAAGGCGGCTGTGACGAGGACTTCCCACGGCCTTGTTG 
 GAGGGCGTCCTGTTAGCCCTGCTCAGCCT 
   
 >7:54933072-54933372 (SEQ ID NO.: 317) 
 ACATACATACATATATATATAATTAGAATGAATAAGACAGAATTTGATAGCTCAACA 
 GGGTGACTATAGTCAATAATACTTTAATTGTACATTAAAAATTAACTTAGGTCAGCG 
 CGAGGGAGCCCGGGTGGCCGCCATTACTGAGCCTGGCGCTGCGGCTGGCGCTGGGA 
 GAGCGGGGAGGGACGGGGCCGCAGCTGGTGGCAGAGAGGGAGGGAGGGTGGGTGA 
 GCAGGCTGCGGGGGCCGTGGGGCTCAGGGTTTCCGGGCGTGTGTGTCGGGGAGGGC 
 GGAGGGAGGTGCCTGAAGGG 
   
 >7:69599017-69599197 (SEQ ID NO.: 318) 
 TCCCCTGGCTGCATTTCTTAAAAATTTGGGAGCCTGGGAGTGAGTTTTCTCCGAGGC 
 GTGTGTGAGAGGCGGCGGGGGTGTTTTCCTGCGCGAGGGGCGGGTGAAGTTCATTG 
 CCCCCACTTTTCCCGCGACCTTTTTCGGACCCGATTTTGGATCGAGTTGAGGGGGGC 
 GCGGGCGTTTT 
   
 >7:76511041-76511341 (SEQ ID NO.: 319) 
 CCTTCAGCAATGGTACGGGGACTGCTGTGGGGCCTGGGTGAGGGTGACGGCTGAGG 
 AGAGTGGTGGGCCCTAGGAGCCCCTCACCAGCAAGCGCCTTCAATGATTGAGCCCC 
 TGTGGGGGCCTTTGGGAGAGTAGGTGTGGATGAATTGGGCTTTATCTAAAGGGGTA 
 ATATGTGTATTGAAAAATACACACGTAGTGAACACCAAATCCCGGGAGTAGTGCTA 
 GTGGTGGGTTTGTCAGCTGTCAAGGGCTCTGCAACCCTTTCTCTGAATCCAAGTAGT 
 TCTTCCTTTGGACAGGGAAC 
   
 >7:88219317-88219497 (SEQ ID NO.: 320) 
 AACGATGGAAGGCTGGAGTTGGTAACATTCTGAGACGGGTGTAGCCTAGGGAAGAG 
 TAAGGTGTCCGGCCGGGCTGTATCTCGTGGGTGGCGAGGGAACATTGCCTGTCTCGG 
 AAACAGTTCCCAAGACAACGCGCATCCCAGACGCCCGGCGAGGCTGCCTTCCTACA 
 GGTCTTTTACTT 
   
 >7:91881001-91881181 (SEQ ID NO.: 321) 
 GGCCGACGACACGTGGTGGAAAAGTAGCTATTATTTACATGCGTGTTGCAGTTTTTG 
 ATAATGCGATTGCTGCTGCTAATGTGACTAACGCGATGCCGATGAACATCTCGGCGT 
 TTTTTGGTGCAGGATAAGCGGGTGTAGACTCTGTCTGTTTAGTCCCAGATTCTCCTCC 
 TTTAATGAA 
   
 >7:108456902-108457082 (SEQ ID NO.: 322) 
 AAATTCATCAGTTGGGGTGGTTGAGATTGGGTGAGTGGTTTTGGGGGTTTTGTTTTGT 
 TTTTGCAACCGTTCTTTCCAAACACTCCCCGCCGCCCCCCACCACCGCAGAAAAAAG 
 AGCTTTTAGCATAAGGCGGATGCTATCTATCCGCGGTAGAAACTGGGTCTTCTGGTC 
 CCAAGGAAT 
   
 >7:122300668-122301028 (SEQ ID NO.: 323) 
 CTAATTACCCCTCTTAATTAAAGTCTTTAGCAGTTGTTTCATTGTTTTGGCAAGAAAA 
 CAGGAGAGACGTGCAGTTAGAAACACCAGAGCCCGAGCTCACAGCGGAGCCGCTG 
 ATTAACACTTGAAGCATTTCAAGGACCTGGCACCCGCCACAGTTTGGTTTTCATCCA 
 TGTTTCCTCCTTGAATGGAAGTATATTCGTCTATAAACATACATACACATGTAAAAA 
 CACGGAGGCTCCGTTTGCCAGCTGTGTACAAGTCAGTATGTGCCGTCAGGATGCAAA 
 CAATAGATACCTGTCTATCTATGATTGTAATGCGTTTGAGGAGATGTACATTGCATA 
 CAGCTACTGGATACGTTGTT 
   
 >7:139483469-139483891 (SEQ ID NO.: 324) 
 CGCCGCCTTCTCCACGGCCCCGGCCGGACTTGGGCTGCTTTCGGGACCTTCAGGTTG 
 TCGCACCTTCGCGGGCACCTGCGGCTGCTCCAGCGTGGGGACCAGGCTTCCCACGGG 
 CTCCATTGGGAGCTCTGCCCCGGCTTGGCCTCCGGGCGCAGCCTCCCAAGACTCCTC 
 CATCCCGCGCGCCCCGCCACCCGGAGACGCTGAGGAGCGCACCTGGGCCCAGTGCA 
 GAGGAGCTTCGCTCTCCTCCGTCCGGATTGGTCCAGCCGCGTCGCCGAAGTTGTCAG 
 GCCACGCCCCTCCCCGAAGGACCCCGCTGTGATTGGCTGTGGCTGAGGTTCTGCTGC 
 CCCGACCCCCTTCGGGACACAGCCCCGGCCTCCACCAGGCACTGGGAGGGAGCTGA 
 GAACGGCAGCGGGGCCAGGCGAGGGT 
   
 >7:143345452-143345795 (SEQ ID NO.: 325) 
 GGAGTGCGGAGCGCGGTGGTGCGAGAGGGCTTGGAGGGGGCGCTCAGGCAGGGCG 
 TGGGTTTCCCTCAGATTCAATGATCCTGCTGGGCTCGGTGGAGCGGTCGGAACTGCA 
 GGCCCTCCTGCAGCGCCACCTGTGTCCTGAGCGCAGGCTGCGCGCAGCCCAAGAGA 
 TGGCGCGGAAGTTGTCGGAGCTGCCTTACGACGGGAAGGCGCGGCTGGCTGGGGAG 
 GGGCTCCCCGGCGCGCCTCCAGGCCGGCCCGAGTCCTTCGCCTTTGTGGATGAGGAT 
 GAGGACGAAGACCTCTCTGGCAAGAGCGAGGTGACCGCGCCGGGAAGGGCTAGGG 
 AGTGGGAT 
   
 >7:155803569-155804049 (SEQ ID NO.: 326) 
 AGTGAGGAAGTCGCTGTAGAGCAGCCGGCCCTGGTCGTCCGCCGCCAGCACGCGGT 
 CCCCGGGGCTCAGGTCCTTCACCAGCTTGGTGCCGCCCTGCTCCAGGTGCACCGTGG 
 CCGAGCCCGGGAAGCAGCCTCCCGATTTGGCCGCCACCGAGTTCTCTGCGGGTGAG 
 GAGAAGGGAAAGAAGAGAGGACAGGGCATTGAGTTCCGAGAGGGAGGCGCGTCTC 
 GGGGAGGAGGGCGCACGCTTGGTGCCCGCGCTCCTAGGCCAGGGGTGCGCAAGGCG 
 CGGGGCGGGGCGATTGATTCCAGGCGGGTCCCGCACACACCTCCCTCCCCCAACCCC 
 ACTGCCCCAGGGACAGGATTCCGACACATTCCTTAACGACTCTCTAAGTCTGGGCTG 
 GCGGTCACAGAGGTTGGCTGGCGTTTCCTGCAGAGGCCGGTGACACTCTTTCCTTCC 
 GCCTTCCTCCAACCCCACCCCCAGCTCCGC 
   
 >7:157336263-157336683 (SEQ ID NO.: 327) 
 GGGATGACCTAAAGTCCAGCTATCAAAATGCGCCGCGTTTTCAGAAAAACTACTGCC 
 ACGATTTAACCTAAAAAGCTTCATCTGTATTTTCTGCCACAGTTTGCTTCCGTTTCCT 
 TCAGTCACTATTCCCTGGCGAAGTCTCCACGCGCTCCCGTTCGCCGGGGAACTTAGG 
 GTATCCGGGCTTCCCTAAATTGACAAGCGGGGGCCGGCGCCTTCGCCCGCCTTCGCT 
 GGCCGCCGCTTGGTTTGTTCTTCTTCTCCTTCGGGGACTTCTCCGCCCGCGCCCGCGC 
 CCGCGCCCCAGCTTTCGTCCCGCTGTGCGGAGATGCCACCCAGCTCCACCGCAGGAC 
 CGCGGAGCGAGAGGCGGCAGACGCGCTCCGGGGGCCGCCGGTCAAGAGGAAGATG 
 AAGGGCGCGACGACTTCGCGGT 
   
 >8:544064-544544 (SEQ ID NO.: 328) 
 AAGGACTTCTGCCGGCTTCCTTCAGAAAAATCAAGAATTTAAGAAAATACTTGTTAT 
 GCAAACAAACATTTAGCCCACTTAACATTGAGCTACGGTCGTCCAAAGCTGCTTAGT 
 GTCCGCGAGGAGGCCGTCCGGATGCGCGATGATTCAGGCCTTCTCCGCCAGCTCCAC 
 CCGGGACGCGAGCACCCGGCGTGGACCTCTGCGTCCCGGGCCCACGACGCCCGCGC 
 CGCGGGGTGCGCGCACTGCGTCCCCGCTCTCCTGGGACTGCGCCCCGAGTAACACGT 
 GCAGGGGGCACTGGGTCCCCTGCAAGCGGCGAGAACGCCGGCAGCCCTGGCCAGTT 
 AAGCGGGGAGTGGGTCCACGCGGACCACAGCGGCAACTCAGCCCAGGACGAGCCTC 
 GGGTCAAGTTCTCCGACTCCGCACTCGGGCACCTAGCGGGCCGCGCCCCGGAGCTA 
 CGCGGCCCCAACCTCACCTGCCCGCCCAA 
   
 >8:37797956-37798676 (SEQ ID NO.: 329) 
 CGCGTCCCGGACTGGGCTGGAGGAGTCTCCGGATTTACCTGGCTGGCCTTGTCCCTT 
 CAATTGGGGTCATCCCATCCTTGCCCCCTGGCCTGCCAGCGCCGCTTCCAGCCGGTC 
 TCCTTAGGGCAAGGGGAGGCTGGGCTCAGAAAAGTCGGCCCTTGGAATACCGGCGC 
 TCCTGGGCTGCAGGAGACCCTGGCGTCCCCATCCCTCTAGAGGCCCCTCTCCCACGG 
 CGCCGTTTGTGCAGTGAGCTCTGTGCTGGGTCCCGCGTCCTTGCCTCTCCTTTGCCTC 
 TCCTGGAAGTAACTCGAGCTTTGGCTGTTTCTCCATTGACTTCGCGCAAAGATTGCG 
 AAGAAAGAAACGCGGCTGGGGAAGCGGGGTTCCCTCACCGCAGCCCACCCGGGCCT 
 CCTTCCGCGACTTCCCTCTTAGTCAGGGCCTCAGTACGCCTTTGCTTTGCTGGCAGCG 
 AGCGCTGCAGCGCCGCAGCCCGACCCCAAGCCTCCTACAAGGGGGTCGCAAGTCCC 
 AGCAGCCGCGCGAGCATTGGCGACCCCTCCCCACCGCAGAGATTTCCTGCGCCGAC 
 CACGTGCTCGCAGCTCCACGCACGCCGTGGATTTGAGGGTCGGGCCCCCGCGGCCG 
 CCGCTTCCTTTCCTGTCCCAAATCCAGCCTAAGAGCCGCTTCCCTTTCCCTGTCCTCC 
 TGACCCCAGTGGCAACCGTTTCTCCACCGCCCCTTGCCC 
   
 >8:39107409-39107589 (SEQ ID NO.: 330) 
 GGTGCAGGAGAGCACACGCTGACTGTGAATAAGTGTGTCAGTTCTTAAGGTCCAGC 
 AACACAAAGCGAAAAGTTAGTGGAGGACTACGAGCGCGATCTCGACAGAGGGCGCT 
 GGGTGGTCAGTGGCTCCAGCAACCACGCGGCTGGGGTGCGCCGGGAAGGGAGCTGG 
 ATGTTTTAGCCTC 
   
 >8:71843830-71844010 (SEQ ID NO.: 331) 
 GCTCACGGGCGTTGGCCGCGTTCCGCTGCGACTGCTTGCACTCTGCGGCTGAGCCCT 
 TGGCCGGGAGGGGCTTCTTGCCACCACCGCCCGCGCTACCACCTGCGCCGCCGCCCC 
 CAGCCACACGGGGCCGCTTCCTCTTGCAGCCTTCCGCGCTGCCGGCTGTGCCCAGAG 
 CGCAGCGCTC 
   
 >8:104367291-104367591 (SEQ ID NO.: 332) 
 TCAGAGGATTGTAAACCACTTAAGAAAAGGAAACAGAACTTGGGGAGGCGGTGGCG 
 GCGAGAGTAAACAACTCCCAGGGGGCCCGTCTGCAGCGCCTAGGGGAGGGGAGAG 
 GCCGGGAGCCGCCTCCGGGGGTCTCGCGGGGCCGCCGCTGGGACAGATGAGTCGGA 
 GACAGGCCAAGCCGGAACCTCGCTGGGTAAGGAACAGGACCGGAGCGCGCTCCGG 
 GTGGGAGAGGCTTGCGCTCCTGCAGCCCCTTCCCAGGGCCTGCGCTGACTCATGGCG 
 CGCACTGGAGCCCCTGCAGTCG 
   
 >8:123073280-123073580 (SEQ ID NO.: 333) 
 ATCCATCCTTAAATCCTTGGATGTGTTTAGACGCACAAGCATTCATCAACTATTTGTT 
 GAGCTCCTACTGTGTGCCAAGCACGCCTCTAAGCGCTGGGGACGGCGATGGAACAA 
 AACACACTTCCGGTTCTCTGGAGTTTACATATCGGCGTGTATGTAGGGGCTGGGGCG 
 TTCATTATGCATTGCTGGGGGGCTTCTAGTACGGCCAGCGCTGCTTTTCATTCTGTTC 
 CCAGTTACCTGTCCTGTTTGAGGCTCAGCCTGTCTTGTTTCCCTGGAAGCCTTTGCTA 
 CAAAGCGGTGCCAT 
   
 >8:143355090-143355270 (SEQ ID NO.: 334) 
 AGCTCACAGCCGGGATGGCAGGAGAGTGCGGAAGCGGCACATGGCAGACACAACC 
 GGGGATGACCCAGCTCCTCACCAGAGGGCAGGTACCGGAAACCAGCAAACACGATT 
 TGACAGGACGCAGAGCAAACACCGCATTAAACAGCTCCTGCGTTCCAAGGCCAGGT 
 GCTTAGTTCATCTA 
   
 >8:143740045-143740225 (SEQ ID NO.: 335) 
 TTGCGTGTCATGTACACATGTGCTTGTGCGCGCACGTGTGGGAGTGCGCGTGTACGC 
 GCACCTGTGAGCGCTCGGCGCAGGCCCGCGACACGCCCGAGCCCCTCCCGCCGCGC 
 CCCGCTCTCGCCCACCTCCTGGTGCTCCACCTCCCCGCCGCCCGGGTGCGTGGCCTCT 
 CGGGAAGACC 
   
 >9:23824147-23824447 (SEQ ID NO.: 336) 
 CGGTAATTACGAGAAAATACCCAGTCTCGCCATCAGTTTTGCTAACCGGTACTTGAA 
 AATGGGAAACGGGGAACTTATCCAACCTCCAATTTGTCACAGTTGTATAGCTTTCGT 
 ATTAATTCTGTACAGACGTGAAATAGGTGGGTACGTAGCAACGTGCTGGGCATAAA 
 TTAAGCAACAATGGCCACGCGAGGTCTCGTCCGCCGCGGAGCTCCAGTGGTGGGCA 
 CTGCCACCTTGCCATCCCTAGCCCCCACCGCCCTTCGCAGAGTCCAGTCCGGGAGGC 
 TGACGGTGCGCTGGCTTT 
   
 >9:27528212-27528524 (SEQ ID NO.: 337) 
 TGCCCTCCCGCCCTTGGAAACTTGTGGACCCCAGAATCTCAGCTTTCCGCCTACCAA 
 AGGTGCCCCGATCCCCTCCCACTGCCCTAGCAGCGGCCCAGCCCCAACGCCTTTGGC 
 TAGAGATTGAAATCCTCTGGAACCAACCACTGGACGCTCTGGATTGGGGCGGAACG 
 CGCTTCCACTGTCTCGAAAGCAGCACCTTCTCGGATTTGAGCCTTTGCGGCGCGCCT 
 GGGCTGAGATCTGAGAAATGCGCCCTGGGCCACAGGCAGCAGCGGAGGCGGGGAA 
 GGAACAACTTTCCCTCCGCCCTCTAACCACA 
   
 >9:61862430-61863030 (SEQ ID NO.: 338) 
 GGGCACGCAGGCCGTCCTGTCCTCGAGATCACCGCGTCACGACTTTTGGGGAGACTC 
 ACCCCCACCAACACCGTCCAGAGAGGCCTGAGGGAGGGATTCCATGCTGCCTTCTCC 
 GGACTCTGCGTCGGGTTTCCTCACCCTGTTCGGCCCTTTGTGACTCTTGGCATCCGGA 
 GACTTTCCCCTCGACCCAGTGGAGCCGTCAGGCCGGAGCCTCAGAGCCTTGACACCC 
 AAGCACTGCCACGGAAGTCTCCCCCTTTGCCAAGCCTCGGGGACTGGTTTCTAAGAC 
 AACCGTGGGAACCACTGTGACGGGAGAAACCGCTTGTGCTTCGCGCATGCGCATTG 
 GCTGGGCCGACTCGTTCTCCCCTCCTGGCAGTCAGGCTGCGTCCCCTTTAAAGAACG 
 CCACCGCTGAGAACTGACCCTCACATCTCCCTTCCTGAATTTCTTTAGGGAAAGCAA 
 CAACCATCCCTGTAAGCCATGGGTTTTCATGCGGAGGAAGGAGAGGGCTAGTTGTCT 
 GAGAGGGTAACTGCTTAAGGCTGCAGACTAGGAAATGGGATTCCAGGTTTAAGATA 
 GCTCCTTTCTGGACCTCAGTCCTTCACCTAGT 
   
 >9:77648213-77648393 (SEQ ID NO.: 339) 
 TCCCCAGGCGGGAGGTAGGCGCGGAGTGGGTTGGAGGCAAAGGACCTGGCTGGCCT 
 TTGCCTGGAAAGTTCTGAAAACCTCAGCAGTGACCGCAGACTAAGACTGAGTGGAA 
 AGGTTCCCGCTAGCGTTTGTGGCTCTAAGTGGCAGGAGGAGGCGGAGCATCTTGAA 
 CCTGCAGCCCTGG 
   
 >9:87148272-87148872 (SEQ ID NO.: 340) 
 CCAAGGCGGCCCTCCTTCCAGTGCTGCCAGGAGAGGGAAAAGGCACTCAGGGAGTT 
 TTTGCTGGAGATAAGAGCAATTTTTGAAAAAAAGGTAGTAAGGCAGGAGGTGGAGT 
 CTGCCACGGGTCTCTTTCAAACTTGCTACTTTCCATCCCGTTAATACAATCCCGGCCC 
 TGTTTCCCGGCCCCGCGGCCATTGCAGAGTCATGAAGTCATCGCAGCTGCGCCTGCA 
 GCCAGGCGGGAACGGGAACGGGAACTGGCTGGCCGCGGTCCCTTCTGTCCCCCGCC 
 AGCCGGAAATGTCCGCGCGCTGAAAAGCAGACGCTGCCTGCCCGGGGAACGGCGAG 
 AGAGAGCGAGAAAAAAAAAAGCCTGAAGGCGGCGCGGCAGCCAGCGAGAGGGGA 
 GAAACAGATTCACACCCAGGGGCCTCCGGGCAGGGCCCACGGGACTCAGGCCGTGT 
 CCCGCTTGGAATGTGGAGCAGGCGCGGCCTCGGCGTCAGCAGAGCTCCCCTGCATCT 
 CCTCCTGGGGGTGTGGGGGCCGAGTGGGAGAACTGGCGGACAGAGGAAAGGGGCC 
 TCGCTCGCAAGGCCCGGGCGGGGAGGCCTGGCCTCCTGCT 
   
 >9:93184774-93184954 (SEQ ID NO.: 341) 
 CTTTCCCAGGGCCCCCAGAGACGGCCCCCGCAGGCTCTCTCCGCGGCCGGGGCTGG 
 GCAGGTTGCGGGCTTAGGGCGGCGTTGTCTCATCCGGCGGCCTGGGCAGGTGCGGC 
 AGGGCCGGCGCTCACGCGGGCCTGTGTGTCCTTGGCCCACAGAGATGGACGGCGAT 
 GGCGGCCGCCGAG 
   
 >9:98709159-98709819 (SEQ ID NO.: 342) 
 GAAACGCGGGAGGCGAAGGCGAGGCTGCTCAGGGGCGGCTCGGGCCGCCTCCAGG 
 GACGGGGACGAGCCGTGCGCGCCGGGGGAGGGGGAGGCGCTGGCGCTGCGGCGGC 
 CGCGGGGAGGGCCACCTTCCCAGCACACGCACACACGCGCCCCCGGCCCTCCGCTG 
 CGCCAGCTGCCGCTGCCCGCCGACCGCTGACCTCCAGGCACCAGAGCGCCCGGGGA 
 CAGCGATCTGGGAACCGGGACCGCGCGCTGGCACACGCAGTGGCCGCCGCCGCTCC 
 GCCGAGCGCTGCCTGTAGCACCTGCACGGTGGTTTGGAACCGCTTCTCGGAGGTCTG 
 GCCGGGAAGGTCTGGGCAGGAGAATGTTCCACGAAGGCGTCCCAGAGGCATCTGCA 
 GCCTACGCTCTCCCGTTCTTTTCTGGCGCCCACGAGCCCCTGACCGAGTCCCGGGGG 
 TCGCTGAAGACGCCCACGGGTGCTCGAACGCCCGTTGGTGCCAGGCTGCCCGGCCTT 
 TAGGGCCTTGGCTGAGGACACCCCTTTCCTCCCCACCAGACGGAGCGACCGCCCTTT 
 GCCAACCCCAAGCAAAGCTGGGGTCCCAACCTTACGTGCGCTACCGCCCCCTCCAG 
 GCATTTGACCTCCCCGCGTCCCCATTCTTGATGGGCCCCGCCC 
   
 >9:109640702-109641422 (SEQ ID NO.: 343) 
 ATTCACTTTCAACCCTCCAGGGGAGGAGGGGGTGCGGGTGGGGAGGGGAGACGGCT 
 CCCAGCTCCACCTCGCGCGCGGCGCGGCCAGTGCACTCGGCTCCGGGAGAGGCGAG 
 CAGCGCCGGTGAGCCCCGCAGCAGCGCACCCGGCCGCGGAGCCCCGCGATGGAGTG 
 AGTATCCCCGAGCCGCGCCGCCAGCTGCTCTCCTCTCGGCATGTTGCCATGGTGACC 
 GCGGCGGCAGGCAGATCCCGCTCGGGTCCGCGTCCAGGATGGGTGTTTAATTTCAGC 
 CCCGTGTGTACGCCTGGTGTTTCTATAGCAGCCGCCGCGGCGGCAGGAGGCAAGGG 
 GTGGGAGCCCCGGGTGGCGTGGTTTTTGCGGCTGCCCCTTGGCTAGCAGGGCCTGGG 
 GGGCGAGTGAGGGGAGTAGATGATGTTGCTAAGGACGGAGGCATATTCTAGGCTTT 
 CCTATCTCTGCCCCAAGCTTCCGCTTATCGGGGAGTTGGCCGCAATAGCCATGACTT 
 CCGATTCCTAACCATGTCAGCATTATTGGACTGCAGTTAAAAAAAGAGGGAGGGGG 
 TCACTGCGGATCGGAAGCAAACGCGGTTCAGTGTGAAGCGTGTAATGGAAGGATGA 
 GTTAGTGGGTAATATGAGCCAGGGCTGCAATGTCCTGGCTACTAGAAACCATCAGA 
 AGACCCAAAAGAATTGATTTGTTCCTGGGGTATTGGAGAAATAAG 
   
 >9:122218898-122219198 (SEQ ID NO.: 344) 
 TGCACCGCTCTCTCAGCGCTGACCACACTGGTTTGTAAATGTTTCGTTTCTGGCTCTT 
 CTCTTCCACCCCTTCCACCTTCCCAGAGTTGGGGTCCCGGGGTTGGGTGTGGGGGAC 
 CAAGAAGATTTGCCTCTGCGTCCCCAGGGCGGGCACCCCTCCACCCGGGGGAGCAT 
 TCGGAATCGCTTGTGTGTGCACGGAGGAAACAGTCCGGCAAAAAGGCTCTGGTTAC 
 AGCCTGCCTGCCTTGGCAAATTCAAGCAACTGTCAGTTGAAAAAAACAGCGTTGGGT 
 TGGACTGAGTGCAGGAG 
   
 >10:7410763-7411078 (SEQ ID NO.: 345) 
 TGGAAAAAGCCCCTGACCAGCGCACTCAACCTGCGGGCCGAAGGGCTGCTCTCCGG 
 CCAGCCTGGGCGCCGGGGACAGCAGCCGGCGCGGCGTCCTACCTGGTGAAGTTCGT 
 CCTGCCCTCGGCGTGGACCCAGGCCCCGGTCGCCGCCCGGGAGGGCACCGGCCTCG 
 CTCGCTTGCTCGCTCGCCCGCCCTTGCCCGCTCGCTCCCCGCCCGCCGCCTCCCTCGC 
 GCGCCCGCTCCGGTCCTCCGGCTCCCACTACAGCTCATTCCAATATGGCATCCTCTCT 
 GTGCGCATGCTCGGCGCTCTTTTTTTTTTTTT 
   
 >10:25174989-25175169 (SEQ ID NO.: 346) 
 GCGGGTGAGACTATGGAGCAGCGTCTTCGGCGGCCGCGGCGGCAGCAGCAGCAGCA 
 GCTTCTGAACGCGCCTCAATGAGAGCGGCGGTGGCGGCAGCCGGGCCGAGAGACGG 
 ACTCGGGCTGACTCCAGCCGCTGGGAGCGCGAGGCCATGTAACCCGCTCGGCTCCA 
 GGCTGCGAGGTGC 
   
 >10:43105168-43105348 (SEQ ID NO.: 347) 
 CCGTGGTGGAGTTCAAGCGGAAGGAGGTGCTTGTCCGCGCGTGCTGTGGTCTACCCA 
 GTGTCTGTCTCCGGCCACAGTTCGTTTCTCGGTCGGTTTAGTGTCCGTGTAGCCACCC 
 AACCGTGTGGCCGACCATTCGCGCTTTCATTTGTCCTTCGCCTCCGTCTGCGCCGTCT 
 GTCCTAGG 
 >10:86959058-86959298 (SEQ ID NO.: 348) 
   
 CCTGTCTGTGCACGCACACACACATTCCCAAGCATACCAGCCTCCCCTGAGCCTGGA 
 GCCCCTGAAGCCATGAGCAGCCTGTGCTCAGGTGGCCCCCACCCTCTCCACACGGGA 
 GCGGCTACAGCCAGGTCACGGATCCCCTCCCTCCCCAGAGAGAAGGGGCAGGCTGG 
 GGGATGAAACCTAGGCTCAGTGTTCCCTCCCCCGCATCCTCTCCTGGCACTCTCCAG 
 AGGAGGAAGGGGAG 
   
 >10:99329112-99330672 (SEQ ID NO.: 349) 
 GAGGCCATGCTGCAAACCCAGACTTTTCAGGCTGCATCTCAGATATACCGAAGTGTG 
 TACCCGCTACGCACAGTGCGGTGATGCCTGGCCACCTCCAGCCTCCAGCGGGGACCT 
 CCTGCCCAGGTGGAGTCTGAATGCCCACCGCCACCAGCCCACGCGCGCAGTGGGCG 
 TACACGTGGTGACCTGCCTGCGGCTGGGTTCCCAGCTCCGGCTCCTCCTCCCTCCAG 
 CTCTCGCTCGGCTTCCTGCAGTATCACGTGCAGCTGCGCTGGGTGCAGGATGGCGGC 
 GGCCGCGGCGGCGGCAGCAGCGGTGGGTGTCAGGCTCCGGGACTGCTGCAGCCGAG 
 GCGCTGTGCTCCTGCTCTTCTTTTCCCTGTCTCCTCGGCCCCCGGCCGCCGCCGCCTG 
 GCTGCTGGGCCTGCGGCCCGAGGACACTGCTGGAGGCCGCGTGTCCCTGGAGGGGG 
 GCACCCTGCGCGCCGCCGAAGGCACCAGCTTCCTCCTGCGTGTCTATTTCCAGCCAG 
 GACCGCCGGCCACCGCCGCACCGGTGCCCTCACCGACCCTCAACTCGGGGGAGAAT 
 GGCACCGGCGACTGGGCTCCGCGGCTCGTGTTCATCGAGGAGCCCCCGGGCGGTGG 
 CGGCGTGGCCCCCAGCGCGGTCCCCACTCGCCCCCCGGGACCGCAGCGCTGCAGGG 
 AGCAGAGCGACTGGGCATCGGACGTGGAAGTCCTGGGGCCCTTGCGTCCCGGGGGC 
 GTGGCAGGCTCGGCCCTGGTCCAGGTGCGAGTGCGGGAGCTGCGCAAGGGCGAAGC 
 GGAGCGGGGCGGCGCGGGCGGTGGCGGGAAGCTCTTTTCACTCTGCGCCTGGGATG 
 GGCGCGCGTGGCACCACCACGGCGCCGCCGGCGGCTTCCTGCTGCGCGTTCGCCCGC 
 GGTTGTACGGCCCAGGCGGGGACCTGCTGCCCCCTGCGTGGCTGCGGGCGCTCGGG 
 GCGCTCCTGCTGCTAGCCTTGTCGGCCCTGTTCAGCGGCCTGCGCCTGAGCCTGCTG 
 TCGCTGGACCCGGTGGAGTTACGGGTGCTGCGGAACAGCGGCTCGGCCGCCGAGCA 
 GGAGCAGGCGCGCCGCGTGCAGGCCGTTCGCGGCAGGGGGACCCATCTGCTCTGCA 
 CCCTACTCCTGGGCCAAGCCGGAGCCAACGCGGCCCTGGCTGGCTGGCTGTACACCT 
 CGCTGCCGCCGGGCTTCGGGGGCACCGGGGAAGACTACAGCGAAGAGGGGATCCAC 
 TTCCCGTGGCTGCCGGCGCTCGTGTGCACCGGCGCGGTATTCCTGGGCGCCGAAATC 
 TGCCCCTACTCAGTGTGTTCGCGGCACGGGCTGGCCATCGCCTCGCACAGCGTGTGC 
 CTGACCCGGCTTCTGATGGCAGCCGCCTTCCCCGTGTGCTACCCGCTGGGCCGCCTG 
 CTGGACTGGGCGCTGCGCCAGGAGATAAGCACCTTCTACACGCGGGAGAAGTTGCT 
 GGAGACGTTGCGGGCCGCAGACCCCTACAGTGACCTGGTGAAGGAGGAGCTCAACA 
 TCATACAGGGTGCCCTGGAGCTGCGCACCAAAGTTG 
   
 >10:103693303-103693603 (SEQ ID NO.: 350) 
 GCCCCAGCCCGCCCCGCTAACTGGGGCTCACCTTCCCTAAGCCTTGGCGGGGAAGG 
 GCGAGGCAGGTTCTCCTCACTTCCCAAACTGGGAAACTGACGCTCCGGGATGGCGCT 
 CGCCGGAACCCGGCCCCTACCCAGCGCTGGGAGCCCGCTCTCCCCGCCACCGGAGC 
 GGTTCACCTCCCAATTCTTTGCATGGCTTGCCCTAGCGATGCAAAGAATTGGGAGGT 
 GAACCCAGCCTACTCAGCCCGTAAGTCACTACTGAAATGTCACCTCCTCAACGTGTC 
 TTCCTCAAAACCACCCGC 
   
 >10:117534766-117535426 (SEQ ID NO.: 351) 
 CCAGGGGTGGGAGGACACTTCGGGCCCAGCGTAGAGGAGGCCTCCGAGGCCCAAGC 
 GGGCTTCGGCTGCTGCGAGTCCCCAGAGGCTCCCTCGGGCCTCACTCGCGGTGTCTC 
 CTCCAGACGCCAGGGGCAGGCCACGAAGCCGAGGGCTCCGCGTGGCCGTGGGAGA 
 AGCGGGGTGCACGGAGCCTTCCCGCGCCCAGACGCCGAGGGGATGCAAACAGGGG 
 AGCCGGGCCTGGTATGGCCAACCTCCAGGATCGAGGGGCCCCAGAATGTGCGTGTG 
 GCCGGGGGCGGGGGCAGCTGCGGGGGCCAGAACTAGAGTATTCCTTCGCTCTCCCC 
 TGGGGGCCGGGCCCCCACGAGTTGCAGCAGAGCCCGTCTGTAATTAGGGCCTCCTG 
 GTCCGGCAAAGCTGCGGCTGCTCCCAGAGAGAGTTGGGGTCTTCTCAGGGCCCGCG 
 ATGGGGGAGTGGTCGTGGTCAGACCCCCGTGAGCCCCTTCGGAAGGTCCCAGTCCCT 
 GTCCATTCTTCTGTCCCGCAGCTCTCTCCGCGCAGGCGGGGCAGAGCCGGGGAAGA 
 AGACGCTGGACGAGGGGTCTTGGGGCCGCCTCGCTGGCTGCGGTTGGAAGCACCCG 
 TTTTCCCGCCCGCCCGCGCAGGCGCTGCTCTGTGGCCACCAGCAG 
   
 >10:127196238-127196538 (SEQ ID NO.: 352) 
 GCTCGCGTCGCTCGCGTCCCTCCGGCCCCGCTTAGCGACGCGCGCGGGGAGGCAGC 
 GGCTGGGCCAGCTCCGGGGACGCCCGCGCGCTCGCTTGCTCGCGACGCGGCGGAGC 
 CAGCCACAGCCACCCGGCTTCGCGCTCCTCCGATGTCCTCATTTACTGCAATTGTCTT 
 CGGCGAGATCTCAGAGCCAGGGCCAGGAGGCGGGGGCGGGGCAGAGGAGGGAGCA 
 GGAGGGAAGTCCTTTCCGCTGCTCCAGGTCCCAGCTACTCCGCGGAGCCGGGCGGC 
 CAGAGGCGAGGGCGCCCCAA 
   
 >10:132786224-132786524 (SEQ ID NO.: 353) 
 CGCGGTCCGGCCATTGGCCGGCGCCCCCCCCCCGCCCGCGCGCCCCCGCCGGCCGCG 
 CACTCCATGAAGGGCCCATTAGCGCGGCAGGTGCCTCCCGGGCTGTAAATTCGCCCC 
 GATTTATCTCCCCGGGGACGAAATAAATCCAGCTTGGATGGGAGTGTAGTTAGGCA 
 AAGGTTTTCATGCGAAATCAGGAAAAAATACGAGAACGTATTTTATTAACGGAAAG 
 AATGCAGATTTGAGGACCCGCCCGCGCGCTCGGAGCGCCCCACTCGGGGAAGAGTC 
 CCGGCCCGCGTCCCAGTCG 
   
 >11:313954-314134 (SEQ ID NO.: 354) 
 CACACCTCATTGGTCCCTGGCTAATTCACCAATTTACAAACAGCAGGAAATAGAAAC 
 TTAAGAGAAATACACACTTCTGAGAAACTGAAACGACAGGGGAAAGGAGGTCTCAC 
 TGAGCACCGTCCCAGCATCCGGACACCACAGCGGCCCTTCGCTCCACGCAGAAAAC 
 CACACTTCTCAA 
   
 >11:639416-639956 (SEQ ID NO.: 355) 
 GTGGTGTCGCCGCGCAGGTCCAGGGTGGCGCGTGGCTGCTGAGCCCCCGCCTGTGC 
 GACGCCCTCATGGCCATGGACGTCATGCTGTGCACCGCCTCCATCTTCAACCTGTGC 
 GCCATCAGCGTGGACAGGTGCGCCGCCCTCCCCGCCCGCGCCCCGGCGCCCCCGCG 
 CCCCGCCCGCCGCCCTCACCGCGGCCTGTGCGCTGTCCGGCGCCCCCTCGGCGCTCC 
 CCGCAGGTTCGTGGCCGTGGCCGTGCCGCTGCGCTACAACCGGCAGGGTGGGAGCC 
 GCCGGCAGCTGCTGCTCATCGGCGCCACGTGGCTGCTGTCCGCGGCGGTGGCGGCG 
 CCCGTACTGTGCGGCCTCAACGACGTGCGCGGCCGCGACCCCGCCGTGTGCCGCCTG 
 GAGGACCGCGACTACGTGGTCTACTCGTCCGTGTGCTCCTTCTTCCTACCCTGCCCGC 
 TCATGCTGCTGCTCTACTGGGCCACGTTCCGCGGCCTGCAGCGCTGGGAGGTGGCAC 
 GTCGCGCCAAGCTGCACGGCCGCGCGCCCCG 
   
 >11:640311-640791 (SEQ ID NO.: 356) 
 GTTCCTGTCCTGAGGGGCGGGGAGGAGAGGAGGGGGGGGGTACGAGGCCGGCTGG 
 GCGGGGGGCGCTAACGCGGCTCTCGGCGCCCCCAGGGGCCTTCCTGCTGTGCTGGA 
 CGCCCTTCTTCGTGGTGCACATCACGCAGGCGCTGTGTCCTGCCTGCTCCGTGCCCCC 
 GCGGCTGGTCAGCGCCGTCACCTGGCTGGGCTACGTCAACAGCGCCCTCAACCCCGT 
 CATCTACACTGTCTTCAACGCCGAGTTCCGCAACGTCTTCCGCAAGGCCCTGCGTGC 
 CTGCTGCTGAGCCGGGCACCCCCGGACGCCCCCCGGCCTGATGGCCAGGCCTCAGG 
 GACCAAGGAGATGGGGAGGGCGCTTTTGTACGTTAATTAAACAAATTCCTTCCCAAA 
 CTCAGCTGTGAAGGCTCCTGGGGGCTGATGGGGAGTGGGGAAGAGGGGTTTCTGCC 
 TCAGTGGCCCCAGGCCCCCCAGCCAGTTA 
   
 >11:9004093-9004273 (SEQ ID NO.: 357) 
 GTCCACGCCCCGCGCGGCTCCCTCGCGTCCCGCGTCCCGCGTCCCGCGTCCCCTGCT 
 CACCCGGTGGCAAAGCCGGCGAGGAGGCGGCGGCGCTGGTGGGGACTGACCCGGC 
 AGTCCGAGAATCCACCGCGGCCTTTTCACCCAACCGCCCCCTCCTGCGTGGGGGCCC 
 CGCATCCCCTGG 
   
 >11:9091769-9091949 (SEQ ID NO.: 358) 
 GGGCGCGGCCGCGGTGGCCCGAGCGCGGCTGTCAGCCTGGCGGGGCGGCAGCACCG 
 TGCCTCGCGCCCCGCGCAGCCCTGGCACCCAGCCCGCTGCCCCCCGCATCCCCGCTC 
 CGCTCCAACGCTCGGAGCCCTCGGTGCCGCGCCTGTTCCAGTGTGTTACAACTCGAC 
 CCAGGCCCTCA 
   
 >11:12009476-12009656 (SEQ ID NO.: 359) 
 CACGCCCTCCTCTTCTGCCTCAGCGACCAGCTCTACCGAAGGCAGCCATCTCCTTCA 
 CTGCCTGCCCCTGCGCCCGCGGCATCCCAGGCCCGTCTTCTCTGGCCTCCAGGCTTG 
 CAACAGCCCACCGAGGTTGGGGGTAGGGGGAATGTTCCTCAGTCCCACCTTGGTCTT 
 TCCAAGCCAA 
   
 >11:19713295-19713895 (SEQ ID NO.: 360) 
 CTTCCAAAGGGGCCTCCTCACTTCGGAGATGCAGTGACAAGTTAATATGGGCGTCCA 
 AGCCTCTGTTTCCCAGGAGGAAATTTGCAAGAGGCGGCAGCCCCTGAGCGCCCAGA 
 GCTCTTGAAAGGCCACCCAGGAGAGGTGTGAGACCCGGCGGCAGCATCCGTCCAGG 
 TGGGACCCGCTGAGCGCCGTGGCCAGTCCCCCATTCCCATCCCGGCACCCCAAAGGC 
 GCGCTCGCCCGATTGCTTCGAGTTCCCCGACCTGGGGATTTTTTTTTTAGCCGCTGGT 
 GGTGGGCGCCTCGTGGGCTAAGGCCCGGCGCCTGCTCTGCTACCCGCGCTGCCTTTA 
 GCGGTCGCCCCCGCCGCCGCTGCCAGGGACGTGCTGGGAAAGCCCAAGCCCCGGGA 
 GAAGATGCCGGCCATCCTGGTCGCCTCCAAAATGAAGTCGGGACTGCCCAAACCCG 
 TGCACAGCGCCGCGCCCATCCTGCACGTGCCCCCGGCCCGGGCGGGCCCCCAGCCCT 
 GCTACCTGAAGTTGGGAAGCAAGGTGGAGGTGAGCAAGACCACCTATCCTAGCCAG 
 ATCCCCCTGAAATCGCAGGTGCTGCAGGGGCTGCA 
   
 >11:35418738-35420778 (SEQ ID NO.: 361) 
 CCTCCACCTCTCGCATTTTCAAAGGATTAAGCAGCAATCTCCAGGAAAGAAAATCAA 
 TCCCCTCCCCACCATCCCATCCCCAGCCAAGCTACGGCTCCGCCACCACCTCCGAGG 
 CCCGCCGCCGCCGCCTCTCTATCCGCATCCCGGATAGGGGCGCCACCACCCCGCGCG 
 TGACCCCGCTTTCCCGCGGGTACAGATAAAAATCCCCTCACCCTTCCGTAGATGCCA 
 TGGTCTGGGGAACGCCCCCTCCTCTTCAGCACTATCCGGCAGCTGTGGGCGAGGGAG 
 AAAGCGGACGCCGGGGTGAGCGCGAAGTGCGGCCGGGAGCGGTATTTAAGAGGAG 
 CCTCTGCCCGCCCTTCCACCCGCCTCCGGGGTAAGCCCTTTAGCGCCTCAACGGGCG 
 CAGGAGGCTCCTGCGGGCGCTAATCCGCGTCCCGGCTCTCCACGGCGCGCGACCCG 
 CGCTCCCCTCCGCCCGCGGGGATGGCGCTTGGCGGGGAGCTCCGGGGGCTCCGAGG 
 GTGGCTTCCCCGAGAGAGCGATGCGCCCAGGGCTGCAGGAGGGCGCACGCCGGCGA 
 TGCGCCCCTGCAGCCGCTGCCACCTGTGCTTTGCTGCGGGGCTCGCGGGCGCGGCGA 
 GTGGCGGGAGCAGAGAGTGGTGGCAGAGGACGGTGAGCGTGCGTGCGCGTGTGCG 
 GGTGTGTGCGCGCCTGGGGAGGCGGTGGAGGCCGCTGCGCTCTGGCTCGGCGCCGG 
 CCAGGGAGGGATTGCAAGGTTTAGCCCCGCCGGAGCTGGGGATTTGCAGGCGATCC 
 CTCTCTATTTTCGTCGAGAGCTGACATCACCCGCGCCGCCGCCTCGGGCAACTCCTTT 
 AACCGCCGCCCCCCGCCCCCATCTCCAGTCGCGGTCCCTCCTCTGCCATCCCTCCCCC 
 CAGCCTCTCGCCATAAATTAGCCAAATAAGAAAAGAGGCCCCGCCGCTCGTCCGGG 
 AAGGCTTGGGCAGCCGGTGGCAGGAGCCCAGGATCTAAGGAGTAGCTATTGTTTCC 
 CCTGAAGCCCGCGTGGCCCCAGGTCACCCCGTGCGGGGTGAAGCGCAGGCGACCGC 
 GCGGAGACCCGGGATGCCCCTCCGTCTCCGCCTCCCTGGAGCAGCCCCTGGCGCTCC 
 CTCCTCACTCCCCGGAGCACCCGCTTCAGCTCACACTCACCCCCAAACTCACAGGCA 
 GGCACACCCACCCCATCCTCCCACGTCTGGGGGTCCCAGGTCCAGCGGAGTCGAGC 
 GGCTGAAACACGCGGGTGGTGCAGCCTAAACGCGGCCCAGCTGCGCTCCCTCCCCC 
 GCCGAAGCTCGAATAAATCTCTGGCCTTCAATTATTCAGCGAGATTAATATTAATGC 
 AGCTCCCTGGGGGCGGCGGGCGGGGTGCAGGGGAGGCCGGGATTTTTTTTTTTTTTT 
 TTTAGGCCGAGAGAGGTCGGCCTCGTGGGTGCCGGCTGAGAAGGCGCGGAGAGTTG 
 GCCGAGGGGTGAGTGGCGGGGGACGGTTCTCCACCCACTCGGCGCTGCTCGCCGCC 
 TGCTTCCGTGTCCCGGGGGCGGCGCACAGAGACAGATGGGCTTGTGCAAGGGAGAG 
 TTCGAGCCTTCCGGACGCCTTTGCATAAAAATGACGAGACCTGTGCAGCTTTGATTA 
 TCTCTGGAATACTGCAGGAACCTAGGGTCCCACTACTTGCCGACCCTGTGAGCGCAG 
 AGCAGGCAAAGCCTCACTTTCCTCGTCTAGGCAATGGAACCCAAAAGAACTCACTT 
 GGAGGGCCACAGGAGAATTAAACAGACTCTCTTTTTCCCCGGGGTAGACGATCTTCG 
 GATTTGCGCTGTGCTGGACCTTGTTAGACGATGGAACGCGACCGGCCACGTGCAAAC 
 TCTCTGAGTAGGTCCCGGGGATGGTGCCAGAGGAGCCGGAGTCCCAGCAGGACCGA 
 TTGGTAGTTAAATGCCAGGCGCTGATATCCGAAGGCTTGAGTTCTTCACCACCTTCT 
 AGCTGAGTAACCTGGGGCAAATTCCTCCATCTCTCTCTTCATCCCACCTGTAAAATG 
 GGACTA 
   
 >11:62926056-62926596 (SEQ ID NO.: 362) 
 TGCGGAGAAGCAGCTCCACTCCCCAGCCCCAAGTCTTGCGGGCAGTTCCCGAAGAA 
 AAGATGGGTTTGGGGCGGTCGCGAAAGCGGCGCCTCGCGTGTTTTCCTGCCGTTCCC 
 GGGTCCTTATAGCCCGGCCGGAGACTCCGCTGAGTTGACTCGGCGCCCGGGGTCCTG 
 CCAGGGGTAGTGAATGCTGGGAACTGAGATAACGCAACGTGGCGTTTCGGACTCCC 
 CGCTGGACCGGGCCGTGGAGAGGAGCTGCGTTCCCACAGGGCATCCCTAAGCGTCC 
 TCTGTCCCCGCCTATGAGGACACAACCTGGAAGTCCAGGCCACTGGTTGCCGCCTTG 
 GAGTTGGATGTACCGTGAAAGTGCGGCCCCGACGCAGGAAGCAGGCACCTTCCCCC 
 GCACTATGGAAGCTCGCGCCCCTCGCTTCTCGAAACACCTGATTCACGGCGTCGACC 
 CTGCTTCGCTGGGTCTGCGGACATTGGGCTCCTCAGCTTTCCGCCACAGGGTGTACG 
 CGCCCGGGCCCAGGCGGGTGTAGGTCCCACGT 
   
 >11:67583928-67584405 (SEQ ID NO.: 363) 
 CCGGCAGGGCTCCTCGCCCACCTCGAGACCCGGGACGGGGGCCTAGGGGACCCAGG 
 ACGTCCCCAGTGCCGTTAGCGGCTTTCAGGGGGCCCGGAGCGCCTCGGGGAGGGAT 
 GGGACCCCGGGGGCGGGGAGGGGGGGCAGACTGCGCTCACCGCGCCTTGGCATCCT 
 CCCCCGGGCTCCAGCAAACTTTTCTTTGTTCGCTGCAGTGCCGCCCTACACCGTGGTC 
 TATTTCCCAGTTCGAGGTAGGAGCATGTGTCTGGCAGGGAAGGGAGGCAGGGGCTG 
 GGGCTGCAGCCCACAGCCCCTCGCCCACCCGGAGAGATCCGAACCCCCTTATCCCTC 
 CGTCGTGTGGCTTTTACCCCGGGCCTCCTTCCTGTTCCCCGCCTCTCCCGCCATGCCT 
 GCTCCCCGCCCCAGTGTTGTGTGAAATCTTCGGAGGAACCTGTTTCCCTGTTCCCTCC 
 CTGCACTCCTGACCCCTCCCCGG 
   
 >11:74311342-74311687 (SEQ ID NO.: 364) 
 GTCACCCCACCCTGCGGCACAGTGTATCCCACTGAGGCCCCTCGGTCGCTCCCACTC 
 GTCGTGCCCTCACCTAGTCAGGTCCCGCAGCCGCGCCTCCTCCCCGCGCAGGTACCG 
 CCTCAGCAGCCCCAGCAGCCGGCGCTCGGGCGCCAGGGCGCGCGCCACGCTGGTCA 
 GCGCCGAGAACGTGTCGCCCCGAGCCGCAGCCCTTTCTGGGTCTCCTGTCCCGAGCG 
 CCAGCACCGCCAGCAGCGCCGCCAGCCGCGCCCCAGGACCCATAGCCAGCGCTCGC 
 GAACTTCCCCTCAGACAGTCCTGGCCGCGCGGCGGCAGCCGCTCCCGCCCTCGCCTG 
 CCCCGC 
   
 >12:6548902-6549202 (SEQ ID NO.: 365) 
 GGCAGAGAGGGTGGGAATGGGGGAGAAGCATGAACCAGTAGGAAGGGGGGGCAGA 
 CAGAGAGAAAAGTCACAGTTACAATGACAGGAACAGAAACACGGACAGTCACCAA 
 GGGCCAGACACACAGCGGGGGTCAGGGCTGCAAACCGAGAAGGCAGAACAAGAAG 
 AAATCGAGAAGAAGAGCAGTCAGACAAGGAAGGAAGGGCTCGCTGGGGCTGCAGT 
 CAGATGTGCATGATGGCTCAAGAGGAAATTTTTTTCTAAAAAAAGTCTTTTTGATTA 
 AATGACTCAACTAAAAAAAAAAAA 
   
 >12:48198272-48198932 (SEQ ID NO.: 366) 
 AGGCTGATTCGTCACAGGCCGTCAGCGCGGGCCACGCCTATTTCCTCTCCAGGTTCT 
 AATTAGGTCAGGGGCCCTACAGCCTCTTGGGTAGTTTGCAAGTGCGTCGCGGAGCCG 
 GCCTCGGAAATATGGCGACAGCTTCAGCTTTCAGTGTGAGGGAGCCGAGGGCCCAG 
 CCAAACCCTGCGGGAGGCAATTCCTGGGTACCCTTCCCATATTTTCGGTCTTTGGGCT 
 GCGCCGTGGTAACCTCAGAGCCTGGTTGCGTGCTCACCAGCGACAAGTGTCTTTCAT 
 TGGGACATGAAAGGGGACTGGGAAGTGCCGTGCAGTTTCAGGGTGGTTTCTGGTTA 
 ATTACATTTTCATGGGTTTTCGCAGAGTCTGGGGGCAATTTGTGTCCTCCAGAGACC 
 AGGGACCAGGGCCGAAGCTACGGCAGGGGAGACGCGGCCAGGGCCGTGGCTTCTA 
 GTGCGAGCTCGGTTCGCGTCCGTTCCCGTCTGGCGCCCGGGCCTCCGGGAGCCCAGG 
 GCCTTGAATGAGACAGTGCTCGTCCTTGAAAAAGCAGTTCTAGGTCACTCGGCCTGC 
 TTTGCCAGCATTCCGGGCCCCAGCTCACCTTCCGCCATCCATGTTGACAACACCAGT 
 TCTACGACGAAGCGGGCGATTCCTCTTGCCTGGAATT 
   
 >12:54053346-54053526 (SEQ ID NO.: 367) 
 CCTCCTCGGCTCAGCCTGGGCCCCTCCCCATCCAACATCCACTCCAGTCCTCATTCAA 
 CTTCCTCTTCCTGCGAAAGAGGGGCGCTGCCCCGTGACCTACACAGACTGAGACACG 
 ATCGCCATGAATGGAGACCTCTGGAAAAGCTCAGGAGCCGAGGCCCACGGGGCCCA 
 GCAGAGGCCT 
   
 >12:104456512-104457736 (SEQ ID NO.: 368) 
 CTCGCTCCCTGGGGGTTTGGGGCAACTTCCCCGCTACGTCGCCCAGGGATTTTAAAT 
 AATTGCCAGCCACCAGAAACCCCCTAACCCTTAATTCTTCCCTCCGAGACCCAGCCC 
 GCTGCTTGCCACTTCCCTCTCCAAACGCTGGCGGGGGTGGGTGGCAGCACCGAGGC 
 GATTTTCTTCGTCTTTTTTTCCTCCGGGTTTTGTCATGGAAACGCTGACACAACCTCC 
 AGACGGCGGCCGAGCCCGGCCGGGGACTGAGGGCTTTTGGGACCCTGCGGGAGCGC 
 GGCGCGCACACCGCACTCCCCGGGCAACAGCTGGACGCGACCATATCCCGGGTAGG 
 GGCGGGGGGAGCGCGACGCTCCGCCCCGGCGCTAGGGTCCCTCCCTCCTCCCGGCTC 
 TCCGCAGGCGCCCTCCCCTCGCCGGGGGCCGCGAGTTGCATTTGGTAAAACCCAGCC 
 CCGGAATATATAGATCGTTGGAGCGCAATGAAGTAGCCTTTGGAGAGAAGGGAGAG 
 GGCCCGTCGGACAGCCACAGCGGCCAGCGCAGCGGCAGCGGCGGCGGCACCACCAT 
 CACCGCTCGCACCCCAGCCGCCCGGCCCGCGACCAGGCAGCGGCGGCCGCCGGCGG 
 GATCGGAGGAGGCGGCGGAGCGGCGAGGAGGAGGAGCAGGAGCGCGCAGCCAGCG 
 GGTCCACGCATCTCAGCACTTCCAGACCAACTCCGGCACCTTCCACACCCCTGCCCG 
 GGCTGGGGGCTCCGAGAGCGGCCGCGAAGCGACTCCGATCCTCCCTCTGAGCCTTG 
 CTCAGCTCTGCCCCGCGCCTCCCGGGCTCCGGTCCGCGCGGCGGGGTCCCTGCTCCT 
 GCGCCCCGGGCGCGCTTCCCGGACACCCCGGTCCCCGCAGCCAGGACAAAGCCATG 
 AAGCCAGCGCTGCTGGAAGTGATGAGGATGAACAGAATCTGCCGGATGGTGCTGGC 
 CACTTGCTTGGGATCCTTTATCCTGGTCATCTTCTATTTCCAAAGTATGTTGCACCCA 
 GGTAGGGGGCGCGTTAGCGTGGTTTTGTTGGATATTTTCTTCTCTCTCGCGCTCTAGC 
 TCGCTCCGCCTGATTTCTGCCTCTTCCAACCCTACCTCTCCGCCTTCGGCCTCTTCGG 
 GGCTCCTGGCTGCCCAGAGCTCCTGGCTGCCCAGATCTACCCGGGTCACCGCGTCGG 
 GATGGGGAGGAGAAGGGAAGGTGTGCTTCGCCCTC 
   
 >12:114408286-114409006 (SEQ ID NO.: 369) 
 GTGATGAACATAAGACACAAATAGAGCCAAGATCGACTTTCTTAGGAAGGGGGAGA 
 GGAGGGAACTCTTCACGAAGGGAGGTGGGAGTCCACCTCAGACCTCTATTGGAAGG 
 AAATCGAGTTGTTCCGGGGGACTGAGGTCTCTTGCATAAGGCATGGGATCCTTATTA 
 TTATTATTATTATTTTTAAATCCCCCGCGGAGGAGCTCTGGGCAAATGAATACCGAG 
 GCGCCGCTCTAGCTGGTTAGGCTTGGGATGCGATAACTCAGTGCCCTCTTGCAGACT 
 TGCATAGAAATAATTACTGGGTTGTCGTGGAGGGGACACGAGACAGAGGGAGTTCT 
 CCGTAATGTGCCTTGCGGAGAGAAAGGTCCAAGAATGCAATTCGTCCCAGAGTGGC 
 CCGGCAGGGGCGGGGTGCGAGTGGGTGGTGGAGTAGGGGTGGGAGTGGAGAGAGG 
 TGGTTTCTGTAGAGAATAATTATTGTACCAGGGCCCGCCGAGGCACGAGGCACTCTA 
 TTTTGTTTTGTAATCACGACGACTATTATTTTTAGTCTGATCAATGGGCACAATTTCT 
 AAGCAGCGCAGTGGTGGATGCTCGCAAACTTTTGCGCACCGCTGGAAACCCACTAG 
 GTTGAGTTGCAAAACGTACCGCGTAGACGCCCCTGGTGGCGCCGAGAGAAGAGCTA 
 GGCCTGCCCAGCACAGAGCCGGAGAGCGTCGGGCCTTCCGGAAG 
   
 >14:36512000-36512700 (SEQ ID NO.: 370) 
 AATTTATGTTGAAGGGTCCTGCAAATAACAAAAATAGATAAAACAGGAAAATGAAT 
 TTAAATCTCACCCTTTCCAAAACTTTGCTACAACTCATAATAACAAGGGTAATAAAT 
 GCTTACGAAGCAGAGGTCAAACGGGAAACATTAGCAAACGAGGAGAGGCGCAGGA 
 GCCCAGGATCATGCCTCGATGCCCACCAAGTTGGGCATTAGGTCACTATCAGAGAG 
 AAATGCAGCCAGCCACTTCAGCTATGGCTTCAGCTGAGGCAAAAGCTGTGCTGCCA 
 AGTTGCTGAACCTGCTCTTTCTCCGTTCCTTTGAGATTCATTAAAGAAAGTTCAGAAA 
 CACAACTACATGAGGTGAGGATAAGGGCATATGCAGACCCCCTTCAATAAAACTTA 
 CTTTCATCTACTCCCATCCATATCCAAATCCCTCAGCTTGGGTGGACAAACTTTCCAG 
 AGAGGGTGACTGAAAATAAGATACTCCTTCTAGAAACAACTGGCCGAAGGGGCACC 
 AGAAAACTTTCTATGCTCCAAGTTGAGGTAAGCTACCAAATTGGGCCCCACAGAGG 
 GTGGCCTGAAGTCTCAGAAACACAGCTGCACAAGGAGGAACGCGTCAGCCAGAAG 
 GCAGGGAGAGCCAGAGGAACATGGTGTCCAGCGTCTCCTAACCAGGATCTAGCCGA 
 GCAGAGAAAACATTCAGCCTCCTCCC 
   
 >14:41606363-41607263 (SEQ ID NO.: 371) 
 ATTAGTAAGCAAATCACCACCCACAACTAAGGGGACAGCGGAAGCCAGCCTCAGAT 
 GACTGAAACCCCCAAGTCAGTAGCTCTCCTCAAAATTTCCGGCGGGTTATTATAGAT 
 AATGACTTTTCCCACCGCCCTAAGCAGCCGAAGCTTGACTCAGTGATGATTCTCTCT 
 ATCCCGTAACTGCGAGGAAGTGGGCGATCAGCAAATTGCCCTTTTGCAGGAGGCTG 
 GGGACGCCCCTGGAAGTTCGCTTTCATTCTCCAGGTTTTCTGCCTTTTCCCTTCCCCC 
 TTCCTGCAACGCCCCCGCGCCTCCTCAGCCTGGGGATTTCCTGGCGCTTCGCCGGCC 
 CTCTCCGCAACCCCCTGATAAATCGGTTCAGAACCAGTCTGGCTGGGAGGCCCGAG 
 GGCTGACAGCAGCGGAGCGGCCCCGGCCGGGGTCTCACGGACTCTCGGGGTCTGGC 
 CGACACGGCCGCTCCCGTCACTGCAGCGCGGGCTGAGCTCACGGCCGCGCGCCCGC 
 CGCCGCCGCCGCCGCCGCCTTCATGCTGCAGCGCAGGGCTCAGTTCCACGCGGCCAG 
 GAGGCCGCCGTTGCCCACACGCGACGCTTTGGGAAGCCCAGCTCCCGGGTCCGCCC 
 CGGCCGCGGCCGCAGCCCCGGACCTCGGCTGCTTGCCTCGCGCCTGAACTGCGGACT 
 CGCCCCAGCGCGGTGGCCAGCGGGCGGGGCGCTGTGTTCCGCGGCGCGCAGGGAGG 
 CGGTGAGCGTGTGCAGAGCTGCCCGAACGGAGGACTATGTATGTGTGTGCGCGTGTT 
 TGCGTGTGTTTGAGCGTGTTTTTCCTTCTTCCCTTGAGGATGTGAATTGTTTAGCAGC 
 TGGCTGCTCCCTTAGGATCCTTGACTTTGGGGAGCTCTGGCTGTGAACACA 
   
 >14:55129115-55129355 (SEQ ID NO.: 372) 
 GGTGTCTGGCCGGCGCGGGGCTCGCCCAGCCTGGTCCGGGGAGAGGACTGGCTGGG 
 CAGGGGCGCCGCCCCGCCTCGGGAGAGGCGGGCCGGGCGGGGCTGGGAGTATTTGA 
 GGCTCGGAGCCACCGCCCCGCCGGCGCCCGCAGCACCTCCTCGCCAGCAGCCGTCC 
 GGAGCCAGCCAACGAGCGGTGAGCTGCGCGGGGCGCGGGGGACGCGGCTCCGGCC 
 GGGCAGGGGAGAGGGCGC 
   
 >14:64540512-64540932 (SEQ ID NO.: 373) 
 AGTCAGGGAGGAACCTCATTTACATAACGGCCGCCCCTCTGTCTCCTGGCGGGGGCC 
 GGAGTCCCGCCCCTCGTCCAACTTGAAATCTGTTGGGTCACGGGCCAGTCACTCCGA 
 CCTAGGCAAGCCTGTGGTGGAGCTGGAAGAGTTTGTGAGGGCGGTCCCGGGAGCGG 
 ATTGGGTCTGGGAGTTCCCAGAGGCGGCTATAAGAACCGGGAACTGGGCGCGGGGA 
 GCTGAGTTGCTGGTAGTGCCCGTGGTGCTTGGTTCGAGGTGGCCGTTAGTTGACTCC 
 GCGGAGTTCATCTCCCTGGTTTTCCCGTCCTAACGTCGCTCGCCTTTCAGTCAGGATG 
 TCTGCCCGTGGCCCGGCTATCGGCATCGACCTGGGCACCACCTATTCGTGCGTCGGG 
 GTCTTCCAACATGGCAAGGTGGA 
   
 >14:97412990-97413410 (SEQ ID NO.: 374) 
 CTTTCAAGTGTCCAGGCCATAAATTCTTCTCAATTCCCTCTCTCTCTCCTTGTCGGAA 
 TTAATGAGATCAGATCTGATCAGGGCGCTGATGTGTTCAGCGCCAAATCACACAACA 
 GCGCGCGCACCGTAATGGAATTTGCATCTAATGCATACATAAATCAAACATCTTTCT 
 GGACATTTTCATATGCATAATGTCATTTCATCCAGTTCTCTCTGTGCAGAGGGGGAG 
 ATTTTTCTCTCTGAGAGAATGACTTTCTTTAATGCTTTCATTTTATTTTCGCTGACTGC 
 AGTCCGGGAGAATGCGCTCGGTCGGAGAATCTTTCGGGGCGCGGTTGACAGTTCTTT 
 TTCCAAGAGGGGTCCTTCACATTTATCATGCCTCTTCCTCGGGGGCTTTGTTATGCAA 
 ATGTGGCTGAAATTGATA 
   
 >14:104117671-104117851 (SEQ ID NO.: 375) 
 CAGGGAAGACCCTCGGCCGGAGAGCCAAGTGCTGCTGGGAGGTGGCCGGGCGTGGC 
 CGGGCTGTGCTGTGGGAACCGCTGGGTGGGGGCGCGCTGGGTTGCCCACGCTCCTG 
 GCGCGCTGCCGGCCTGGAGACGCCGCCGCCGCCCTCTTGCACCCCGAGGGCCCGCA 
 CCTCGAAACTCCG 
   
 >14:105364294-105364612 (SEQ ID NO.: 376) 
 CGGGTGTGGTGGGCGTCCCGGGTGCGCGGTGGGCGGCGGCCCGGGGGTGTGGTGGG 
 CGGTGTCCCGGGTGCACGGTGGGCGTCCCGGGTGCGCGGTGGGCGGTGTCCCGGGT 
 GCGCGGTGGGCGGTGTCCCGGGTGCGCGGTGGGCGGCGTCCCGGGTGCGCGGTGGG 
 CGGCGTCCCGGGTGCGCGGTGGGTGGCGGCCCGGGTGCGCGGTGGGCGGTGGCCTG 
 GGTGCGCGGTGGGCGGCACCATCCAGGCTTGCTGCGATGTTGGCAAGAGGACGAGG 
 TCTCCTCACCATGCATGTCTCAGAACATACCTCTGTCGT 
   
 >15:52789319-52790159 (SEQ ID NO.: 377) 
 CTGCCCAGACCGGAGCTGGAGAGGGGCGAGAGGCTCTGGCCCATGCCGGCCACGTC 
 CTTGTGGTAGGGGGTATAGAGGTTATTCATGGAGGCCAGCCCGCGCTCATCCCGCAT 
 GAGCGTGAAGCTACCGCTCACGTTGCCCGCCAGGCGCTGGTGGTGGTGCGGGTGGT 
 GGTGGTGATGGTGGTGGTGGTGATGGTGGGGGAACTTGTCCGAGACTGTGGAGATG 
 GGAGGCAGCGGCTGCAGAGGGGTCAAGGTGGTGTAGGTGGTGGGCATGCTCATACC 
 TGGGGGAGTCTCGCAGGCCATGGTCATGGTGGGATGCAGGGGGCCGGCCAGGCTGT 
 GCTCAGGGGCCCGGTGGTGGTGGTGGTAATCTCCGCCGCCGCTGCCGCCGTCCAGCA 
 GGGACGCCATGCCCATGGAGCGCGGGTGCGCGGGGGGCAGGTGGCTGCCGCGGTGC 
 GCCACGGAGCTGCGCGCGTGGGGGCTGCCGCCCAGCAGGTCGGCAGGGGCGGGCAC 
 CGGCTCATGGCTCACCCCGTGCAGCTCGCCGATCGCTTCCATGGTCAGCTGCGCGTT 
 CATCGTGATCCGGGCGAGCAGGCGGCGGACACAACATCGATGTGGCCAGGCAGAGG 
 CGGCGAGGGGCGCACGGAGTCCGGTCTTCACATCGGCTGCTGGCGACTGTTGCCTTC 
 CTTCCTCTCACTGTGGGGCTCTGTCTCTCTCTCTCTCTCTCTCCGTGTGTGTGTGTCCG 
 TGTGTGCGTGTGCGTGTGTGTGTGTGTGTGTGTCTCGCCTTCCCTCTTACCCCCCACC 
 TTCCCCTCTGCGTCCTCGGCTTTTTTTTTTTTAATATTAATTTCCAAA 
   
 >15:62165240-62165420 (SEQ ID NO.: 378) 
 GCCAGTGGCCTCTAGCCCGCTGCCGAGGCGCCACCTTCAGTACTGCGGCCAGGAGA 
 GTGGCGCTCCCCTCTTATACCGTAGGCTGAGTCCCGCCCAGCCGCCAGCGGCCCAAC 
 CCGGAGGTGCTGCACAGCCCGCCTTCCCGCCACCCTCTCCCACGACGCCGGGAGGTC 
 TGCATGCACTG 
   
 >15:67968089-67968329 (SEQ ID NO.: 379) 
 CAAGGTCAGACCCTTTGGCTGCAACACGTCCGTCAAGAAGCCAGGCAAATCTAGCA 
 TGCAAACTAGGATCATTTTCGGGCGTTGGGGCCCCCCCGCTTGAAATCTGGTTTCCA 
 TGTTCACAAAACGCAGCCCGACTGGTGGAACTCGCGACTCCAGACGCAGAGAAGCT 
 GTGGGCAGAGGCGGAGGCAGAGGGTGGGAATGCAGCCTGGCGTTGGAGTGGGGAG 
 AAAGGGGAGGGAGGAAC 
   
 >15:69031565-69031745 (SEQ ID NO.: 380) 
 GCAGGCCCGCACTGGGCTTCATCCCCACTCGGGACAGGCAGTGGCTCCATTGACCCG 
 GATGAGCTGCGCACTGTGCTGCAGTCGTGTCTGCGCGAGAGCGCCATCTCGCTGCCT 
 GACGAGAAGCTGGACCAGCTGACGCTGGCGCTCTTCGAATCGGCCGACGCGGACGG 
 CAACGGGGCCA 
   
 >15:72319682-72319982 (SEQ ID NO.: 381) 
 GCGGCTTGAGGTCCTGCTCGTCCAAGCCCCGCGGGATCTGCCCCACGAAGAGCTTGA 
 TGGCGTCGTGGTCCTTCATGGGTACGGCGGGACCGGGGTTTAGCCCGCTCATGCCGA 
 CGCCGCTGTCCGCGGTGCTGAAACCCAGGCGCGGGCCGGGGCCAGCGGGCTGCGCT 
 GACCCTCCCGGCGCCGCGGCCATGTCCCCGCCCTGTCAGCCCTCCCGCCGGTCCCAC 
 TGGTCCCGCCTGTCCCGCCGTCCCCTCCCTGGACCGGTGGCGAGGGCCAGGGGGAG 
 GGGGCGGAGCCCGGGCGG 
   
 >15:78264397-78264697 (SEQ ID NO.: 382) 
 AGCGGCTGGGCCGCGCCGGACGGGCGTCGGGGGTCTGGGCCGCGAACCCGCCGCGG 
 GGCCGCCGGAACCTCCGCGAAGGTTCTAGGCCTTTGTGGCGTCACCGTCTCCTTGCG 
 GAAGCTTCCGCCGGCGCCGAATAAAACCCGCCGCGGAGGAGCCGGTGGCTCTAGTG 
 CGGTGGAGCCAGGCGTGGAAGTCGGTCCGGCGCGGGGCGGGGGGCGGGCGGGAGC 
 TACAAGCGGCGGCGGCGGCGGCGACCGTGACCGTGACGCGCGAGCGGGCGGCGGG 
 GGCGCGGGCCAGGGGCGCGGGC 
   
 >15:89486695-89486875 (SEQ ID NO.: 383) 
 CAAGCCCGGGTCCCGCCGATGGGCACGCCCTCCTCCCTCAGGCTCACCTGCCCAGCC 
 CCATCCCTCCCAGTCCGCCACGCCCCCGGGGCCCGCCCTGCGCTCACTTCTCCACGC 
 CCACGACGATGTAGCGGTCTTGTAAGAAGTGGAACCAGCCCTGCATGAGCAGCGCC 
 CACTGGATGCC 
   
 >15:98651103-98651343 (SEQ ID NO.: 384) 
 TATGCAGGTGGTGCCGATTAACTTTGAAAAAATCACGACTGAGCCTTCACGAGTGAG 
 GCGGGGAAGGAGGAGGCAGCGGAGGTTGTATGGCCCCATCACCGGGGCAATTCAGA 
 AAGGCTGTTTCTATAAACAAATCCTTAAACGTCTGGTAAGAAATGAGTCCGCGACGG 
 AACGAGAGCAGATCGTGGTTCGCGTGTTTACTGCCGAGTGGGACGCGGACTGGGGC 
 CGGACCTTCCACAGA 
   
 >16:1272246-1272546 (SEQ ID NO.: 385) 
 CTGATCTCCCCCCGCACCCCACTGTCTGAATACAGAGGCCCCCTCCTCTCTACTGGG 
 GAGCCCAGACATCTAGCCCTTGCCCTGTGTGGTTCTCTCCGGGTGAGGTGGGAGGGA 
 CCTGCCGGGAGAGACAACATCCCTGCTGCTTCACTCACGGTGTGAAGCCGGAAGGG 
 ACCAGACTCAGACCCCCTCCCGGGCCAGCCTCTCCGTGAAGCCCCTTTCTCCAGCAG 
 GAGAGTGTAGCTGCCCCTCTGGGTGCTCAGGGGCCTTCTCAGCCTCACCTGACCCTC 
 ACCTTGGGGGTGGGGGG 
   
 >16:50841053-50841413 (SEQ ID NO.: 386) 
 GGACCTCCAAGGAGGCCAGAGCTGTTTCTCCCGTTTGGAGAGGGAGATCCTAGCCTT 
 TCTCAATACTTTTTGATTTCTGGGAAAGGAGAAGTTGGAAGGCCGCCTCGCCTCCTG 
 TCTCGGTGGCGTTCAAGGTTATCCAGACAGCGGTCTGCGGGTTTCATTTGCAAGTCA 
 CTGCGCGGCGCATGCAGAAGCAGCCGCGGGCCGGCGGGGCGCGCAGATAAGGTCTG 
 GGGGCGTGGGTTTCGGGCTGTACCTGCATTATCGCGGCTTCCTTAAGCTCGGATGAA 
 TATGTAAATCTCTCGCTGCAGCCTTCCGGTGCCGCAGTCGCAGCCGTGGGGGCCGCC 
 TCCGCTGTAGCAATTCCGAG 
   
 >16:57091834-57092014 (SEQ ID NO.: 387) 
 AGGCTTGAGCGCCCAGCGACAGACAAGTGTCCTAAGAATTGGTGCCTCTTCTAGGG 
 AAAAGGAGGCCTGGGCTCCAAGGCCTTAAAGACTCGCCTAATTTTCCGCACGGATG 
 AGTAGACCCAGGCCCAGTTCGGATCCGTCTTTATCTTATCGTCTGTGTCAGAGAAAT 
 ATGTCATATTTC 
   
 >16:57536947-57537307 (SEQ ID NO.: 388) 
 TCACTGTTGTTACCTGCATTTTTCCCTGGGCCAGCTCTGCCACCGAGTGGAAGTGGG 
 CCAACAAGTCTGTGCCCATCGGGCCTCAGTTTCTCTTTCTGTACAACAGAAGGGTTG 
 ACGAAAGCAACCTTGCGCTTGTTAAGAGGTGGGGGGCGCGGGGAGCACTCGGCCCG 
 GCGGGCGGAGACTTTTCTCTGCATTGCGATGGTGGTTGGCAGGCCCTGGGGAATTAC 
 GGTACTTCGCCTTCGGGGACGCCCAGCTGTTTTGGGGCTTTCTCTCTATTGGGGGTAG 
 GATGTTTGTGGTCTTGACTGGAAAGCCGGGACAGGCGTCTGGAGGACTCCCCACTAC 
 ATCCTGTACCCTGGAAGGC 
   
 >16:68737031-68737271 (SEQ ID NO.: 389) 
 AGTGAGCCACCGGCGGGGCTGGGATTCGAACCCAGTGGAATCAGAACCGTGCAGGT 
 CCCATAACCCACCTAGACCCTAGCAACTCCAGGCTAGAGGGTCACCGCGTCTATGCG 
 AGGCCGGGTGGGCGGGCCGTCAGCTCCGCCCTGGGGAGGGGTCCGCGCTGCTGATT 
 GGCTGTGGCCGGCAGGTGAACCCTCAGCCAATCAGCGGTACGGGGGGCGGTGCCTC 
 CGGGGCTCACCTGGCT 
   
 >16:87571366-87571666 (SEQ ID NO.: 390) 
 TACCAGGAGTTTAACAAATATTTATCGAATGAATGAATTCATTCATTTACTTATTCAA 
 TCAAGAAGATTGAAATCTTACAGTCAGAAGCTGCAGCCACAGAGGCAGCCCAAAGC 
 TCGTTTATTAAATGCCGGCTGTGGTGGCCGTGTCCTGCCAGCATAGTCTGGTGTGGC 
 CTCTATGGCGCCCTCGGGAGGGTGGTGACAATATAGCACAAGGTGCTCAAGCTCCTG 
 GGATGGCTTCACCTGGAGGCTGGGGAGGCAGGGTGGGAAAGGTGAGCACCGTCATT 
 ACATGAGGGTGACTCCT 
   
 >17:19744858-19745191 (SEQ ID NO.: 391) 
 GCCCCAAGTCCTTCCTGAACCTCTCTGGGTCGCACTCTCCCCAGCCCCTCCCCCCACG 
 CCCCATCGCATGGCCCCGACACTGGCAGAAGGCGGCCGCCCAGCCTGAGCACCTTG 
 TGCAGGTCTGCGGCCAGCGCGCCCACCAGCTCCTGCTCCTGCTCCTGGATCAGGCGC 
 TGCAGCGCCTCCAGCTGCTGGATCCGGAACTGCAGCGGACGGGTCCTGCCCGAGCT 
 GAAGGCGGCGCGGGCGCGCTTCACGGCCTCGCTGATCTTGCTCATGGCGCCTGGGG 
 ACAGAGAGCACCTGCAGCTGGCTGAGGGGCACGAGCGCGCCCTGCCTCCCA 
   
 >17:20320942-20321122 (SEQ ID NO.: 392) 
 GGCCAAGAAGTCTTTTTCTGGGAGGCTGGAGCTGCAGCGCCACCTGCAGGCCAAGG 
 AGTCTTTTTCTGGGAGGCTGGAGCTGCAGCGCGACGTGCAGGCCAAGGAGTCTTTTT 
 CTGGGAGGCTGGAGCTGCAGTTGCAGTGAAGTCACAGGTTCCGTGACGTCACAGGT 
 GGGCAGGCGCAC 
   
 >17:29761193-29761373 (SEQ ID NO.: 393) 
 AGTAAGGAATCATGTCGGGGCCACCGAGGCTGCAGGTGCAAGCGAGGGGCGCCTTC 
 CTCTTGCGGGCCAACGTGCTCAGGGTCATGGGGCCGGCTCAAAGTGCACAACTCCG 
 CATCCTGGCCTCTGCTCTGCTCCGGCACGAGGCGCAGGCTGCGCGTGCACCCGGCGG 
 CGGAGGCGGGCC 
   
 >17:40218777-40218957 (SEQ ID NO.: 394) 
 AAGATGACGTAAATGATGACTTGTGAGCAGTGGCCTGCCTCTGTTGCCATGACAACC 
 GGAGCTTGACTACTTGGCCTTTGCAAGGTTGGCCGAGGCGGGTTCTTCGTTAACTCG 
 AGATTAAGGAAGGATATTTAGGGGGGAGGGTGTGTGTGTGTGCGGCGGATTAAAGA 
 CGAAAGGAGTA 
   
 >17:42421656-42421836 (SEQ ID NO.: 395) 
 CCAAAAGCTACATTTTTATCCAAGTGTGAAGAATGGGGAGAGCTGCAAAGAAAGCA 
 ACAAGTGGCCCCGGGCGGAGCCGGGGGGTGGGGGCGCCAGCCTCCTCCCGCCGGCT 
 GCGCTGCTGCGCCTGGCCCCCGCCCCCGCAGGCATGCGGGGTGATTCACCTCGCCCA 
 GACTGCGCCCAG 
   
 >17:43211642-43211882 (SEQ ID NO.: 396) 
 CATAACCACCTAAAGAATGGTGAAATAAATGTTCTTGGAAATTCCTACCCGGACTGG 
 CTAGTCCTTGCGGAAGCAGCGTCCGGGCCCTCGGGTAACGTTTGAAGAGCTGGCAG 
 CGTCTCAGGCTGCTGCGTGGCGAAGGGGCGGACCGGGGGACGGGGGGGTGGGCCCT 
 TAGGGGCTGGGGCGGGACTTCCCTGGGCACTGAGTCAAAGCTTGAGGGGAGTGTTC 
 GCTCCCGCATTTTCGA 
   
 >18:9707922-9708102 (SEQ ID NO.: 397) 
 GCAAACGGCCTCGGCCGAGAGCATTCGCTTTCCAGATGAGAATGGCATCTTCAGGG 
 ACCCGCTGGTAGTGGGGCCAGGTCTCCACAGGGCCGGTCCAGTCCTTCCTACCCACC 
 CGGGCCCTGCGGCCAGGCGGGGCCGGGAGGGGCGGATGCCGGAGGGCGCTGGGGG 
 AGGCCGACCCGCG 
   
 >18:24139209-24139559 (SEQ ID NO.: 398) 
 CAGGCGGAGGGTCCTCAGAGTCGGGGGTGGGGGGCCTGTGGGGCGGCCCCGGCCCA 
 CACCGGGGAGTGCGGCGACCAGACGGCCAGCTGCCGAATCTGAGGCCTCGGTGGGT 
 CCGTCGCCCGCCTCTCTTGGACAAGTCCAGGCGATGTGAGCACGCCCAGCCTCCTAC 
 ATTTCACTCCCGTCTCTCCCAAACAGACCTAGCGCAAAACGAGCACTGACACAGCG 
 GGGGCCCACATCCCGGAGGTTCTTTAGGGAGAGGTCGGGGAGTGCGGTTACCTATG 
 GCTCCGAAGTCCCCGCTGGCATCCTGAAAGGCATCGTATTTCTCGCTTAAGGCGTTA 
 CCCTTGTGGTAGT 
   
 >19:2263624-2263924 (SEQ ID NO.: 399) 
 GGAGACTCTGTCTGAAAGAAAAAAAAAAGAAATATAAGTACGGTAAAGGGAAAAA 
 CAACAACTTGCTCGAGATAAGCCCTGTTTACTTGGGGGCCTCGCTTTTCCATGTGTGT 
 TTGCCCAGCTCATCCTGAGGCTGCCCACACGGCTGTGGGTCCTGCTTTATCACCCAG 
 CAGCAGATGCCTCTGCGGCTTTGTGGCCAAACCCTGGCCCTGCACAGCCTCCTTGTG 
 GCCTGAGCTTATTGCAGGCTGCACGGTGCACATTACAAATGGTCAGTTGGAGGCCAG 
 GCGCGGTGGCTCACGCC 
   
 >19:20167000-20167360 (SEQ ID NO.: 400) 
 TCAGCTCAGGGAGGAAGCCCTGCCTGAAAAGGCTGCAGCTTAGGCTGTTACTCTTTC 
 ATCACTCAGCCCAGCATCTGATCACATCCTCTGTCACTCAGGGACTGAGTGGGCGGG 
 GCCTTAAGCATTATCCAATCAGAGACGCTGGGCTGGAAACCGTCCAATCAGGCAGG 
 CAGCTGGAGCAAAGAGGACGGCTTCCGGGTTTGGCGCGGCCTTTGTCTCTCGCTGCA 
 TCTGGAGCTCTAGGTCGCCTCTTCGCTACTCTGTGTCCTCTGCTCCTAGAGGCCCACC 
 CTCTGTGGCCCTGTGTCCTGTAGGTATTGGGAGATCCACAGCCAAGATGCCGGGACC 
 CCTTAGAAGCCTAGAAATG 
   
 >19:20424875-20425055 (SEQ ID NO.: 401) 
 AGCAGAGAACACAGAGCAGTGAACAAGAGATCTGGAGCTCCAGCGGCAGCAAGAG 
 ACAAAGGCCGCGCCATACCAGAAAGCCGTCCTCTTCGCTCCAGCTGCCTGCCTGATT 
 GGAGGGTTTCCAGACCAGCCTCCCTGATTGGATTATGCTTAAGGCTCTGCCCCCTCA 
 GTACCTGAGTGA 
   
 >19:40613725-40614145 (SEQ ID NO.: 402) 
 TTTGGACCGTGATTGTAAAGAAGCTGTTCTAAACCCGTCGGGGGGCGGTGTTTGCAG 
 GGAGGGAAGTAGCGTGAGGCAGGTTGGGGAAGGCGTGAGAGGCCTAGGAGAGCCG 
 AGGGGCGGTGGAGGGGTGTGGCCTAGAATGTTAGGCGGAGCGGGAGGTGGGCCGG 
 GCCTTCGGACGCCCTGTCCCGCAGACGTTGACGAGTGCAGCGAGGAGGACCTTTGC 
 CAGAGCGGCATCTGTACCAACACCGACGGCTCCTTCGAGTGCATCTGTCCTCCGGGA 
 CACCGCGCTGGCCCGGACCTCGCCTCCTGCCTCGGTGAGAGGCCCCGCCCCGGCCTG 
 ATCCCTCCTCCCTTCGACTCCCCGACTCGCCGATTGGCCTCCCACCTCTGTCTTTCCT 
 CCTCCGCTTCTCCCCTCCCCTTACCT 
   
 >19:40811045-40811585 (SEQ ID NO.: 403) 
 CTGTTGGCTGCAGGATGAACCTCCATTCTAACCTTACGCTTTAGCGCCGCCCCGCCC 
 TCTCTCGGCCGTTTGCACCTCATTAGCTGGAGTCTCTATTAGGCCCCGCCCCCATTTG 
 CCCGCCTCTACCATTTACCCGCCCAGCCTGGAGCGTCCGGGCCGGCAAGTCCAGCGC 
 CGGGGCCTCACTGTTTCCGCGTGTGAAGCGTTCGAAGACTGCCATGGACCCGCGGCC 
 AGAGACCGCATCCGCCTGTAGCACTAACGCGTCCCGCAGCGCTGCGTAGCCGCACA 
 GCCCCACCGCAGGGCGCGGGCCCAGCCGCACTGTGAACACCCGGCCCCAGCGGCCG 
 GAGAGCTACGGGTAGCCGGTGCTCAGCGGGTGCCCATAGGGTTCCTCATCGGAGCC 
 ATTGCCCCCAGCTCCCTCTTCCTTCAGACCCAGGAGTCCTCGTCTCAGACCCTCATTC 
 CTCAGGCCCAGGAATTCAAATCCCCAGCTCCTTCCTCCCTGAGATCCAGGAGTCCAG 
 GCCCCCACTTCCTTCTTCCCTTAGGACCT 
   
 >19:49142732-49143092 (SEQ ID NO.: 404) 
 GTTCCCCCATCTCTCCGATTTTCTCCTCCTCTGTCCCTCTGTCCCCTCTGTCCCTCTGT 
 CCCTCCGCTGCAGCTGTGGGTGGGCATGCCTGCCTGGTATGTGGCCGCCTGCCGGGC 
 CAATGTCAAGAGCGGTGCCATCATGGCCAACCTGTCAGACACGGAGATCCAGCGCG 
 AGATCGGCATCAGCAACCCGCTGCACCGACTCAAGCTACGCCTCGCCATCCAGGAG 
 ATGGTCTCGCTCACCTCGCCCTCAGCCCCCGCCTCCTCCCGCACTGTGAGTGTCCGG 
 CGGCCAATTCCAGCCTTCGCTTCCTCAGAGCCCCGCCTCTTGCCCTCAGTCTAGCCA 
 ATCCTGGGCCTGCTCACTC 
   
 >19:50050361-50050716 (SEQ ID NO.: 405) 
 CCTCTCTGAGCCTCAGTTTCTTCAGTGGACTCAAGAATGATACTCAGTGTAAGGATT 
 CTCAAAACGAGCATCAGCAGGTTCCGCCCACGCCGGCCTCCTGGGTTCAGTTCTCTA 
 ATAACCACCTCCCTTCCCCGCCTACTCCAGCCAATCCTTGTGCTGACTCGGCTCCTGG 
 CCACGCCCTAACCCCACCCCCGCTGCCTCTAAACCCGTCCCCACCCCTGCAGCCTCA 
 CAGGCTGCCGTCAGATTCTCAAGCCCCTATTCCTCTCGGTGGCCTAAATCCCCAACT 
 GCTCGGGGCCACTTTTCAGGCCAAAATGGGCCCAAAATGGGGAGGGCAAGTGATGA 
 ATGTCACTAGACAG 
   
 >19:53159277-53159457 (SEQ ID NO.: 406) 
 GAATAGACTTACGTGGACCACTTATGATAGAAACCAAAATGATTTCCTCTTACCAAG 
 TTGAAAACGGTTTATGTTAAAATTGTTTGCCGGCGGGTTGGACCCAGTCCTGCTAGG 
 GAGTCTGCTGCAGCTCAGGAACGGGGATCTGGGAATCGGGGATCTCGGTCTGGGAA 
 CTGGGATCTTA 
   
 >19:56538908-56539088 (SEQ ID NO.: 407) 
 GCCATGGGGGAGCGCGCGCGGGGCTGTTCGCTGGGCGTGGCGGGCGGGTGTGGCCA 
 GGGGTGTGGGTCTGTGAGGGACCGGTCGGAAGGGCGTCGCGCGGCCTCGGGTGACA 
 TGCGGGGGGCGGCGAGCGCGAGTGTCCGCGAGCCGACGCCGCTCCCGGGTAGAGGC 
 GCCCCCCGCACAA 
   
 >19:57888509-57888689 (SEQ ID NO.: 408) 
 TGCTCCCAACAGGCACCTGTGGACCCCAGATTCCATCCTTCTGGCTCAGTTCACTTCC 
 AGGCCTTTGCCCGCGCCAGTCCCTGTACCTGCCGGTCTCCCCACCGCATCCCACGGG 
 TGTCAGAAATGGGGCCCCTCCCGCAAGCGCCTCAGTGTCCCAACGCCGGCGTCCGG 
 GCTGCAGAGC 
   
 >19:58347014-58347734 (SEQ ID NO.: 409) 
 CGGCTGCATCAGCTTTCTAGACAACGGGAGAAAAGAGAAATGGTGGAGGAGGGGA 
 AATCCTATGCCCTCCTCCTCGCGGAAATCAAGGCCGACCTCCCTGACGCCCCCCCGG 
 AAGGAAGCGCGTGGTCGGCTGCCAGCCGAGACCCCCATCTGCGCCTCCAGCTGCAG 
 GGCCTTTGCTGGGCGGTTCCTCGCCCGCAATTCCCCCACGAGCCCTGGGGAGACCCA 
 GCGCTAACCAGGGGTGCCCAAGGGAGGAGCCGGGAGAGGCCCTCCTGGAGGTGGG 
 CACAGCCCAGGCAAACATCAGCAGACGGAACCAGCACCCGGGACCCAGGGAAACG 
 TCACCTGCCACCAGGAGCTCCACAGGGTCGCTGAGCTCCGATTCGAAGGTGTGGGG 
 CACCCAGGAGCGGTAGCGGCACCTGTAGTTGCCGGCGTGCTGGGGCCCCACGAAGA 
 TCAGCTCGAGGTTCGCCGCGGCCCCGGGGGTGCGGACCGTCTTCACGGCCTTCGTCT 
 CGCCCTCGCGCAGCAGCTCGAAGGTGACGTCGGGGATGGGTCCCTCGCAGCGCAGG 
 ACGGCATCTCGGCCCGCCAGGACCGCCCCACTCCACGTCGCCCGGAGCTGAGGCCT 
 GGGAGGGGGTCCTGGGCGGAGCGGGCGGGTGGTCGGGCCAGGCCACGCCCCAGGC 
 CACGCCCCAGGCCACACCCCAGGCCACACCCCAGGCCGCGCCCGCGCCTG 
   
 >19:58562845-58563445 (SEQ ID NO.: 410) 
 CACCAGGAGGGGCCGGGGGCTTAGCGCCAGGGCCCGGGGGATCGCCGTGGATGCGC 
 TGGTGCTGCAGCAGATTGGAGCGCTGCCGGAAGCTCTGGCCGCACTCAGCGCAACG 
 GAAAGGCTGTTCGCCCGTGTGCACTCTCCGATGCTCTTCCAGGCGCGCGCTGCGCAC 
 GAAGCCCTGGCCACAGTCGCCGCACACGAACGGCCGCTCCTCGGTGTGCGTAAGCT 
 GGTGGCGCAGCAGGTGCGAGCTGCGGCTGAAGCTGCGGCCGCACTCGCTGCACACG 
 AATGGTCGCTCACCCGTGTGGATCTTCTGGTGCCTCAGCAGGTTGCTGCGTTGGCTG 
 AACACCTTGCCACATACATCGCAACGGCCGCCCCTAACCACCCCGCCCCCAGTGCTG 
 GGGCGGCCCCGGCTCCGGCCCCTGGGGGAGCGCCAGCGGGTGGTGATCAGAGCAGG 
 GCCCACACCCCGGCAGGGATCCTCGTCCGTGGGGTCCTGTTCACTCCTCAGATCGCT 
 GGGGAGCAGAAGCGCATGCGCAAAGCCACCTTCGCGGGAGGGTGATTGGATCTGGC 
 CAGAAAGGCCAGCCATGCCGAGGTCCCAGGGGACGTG 
   
 >20:3083167-3083587 (SEQ ID NO.: 411) 
 GCAGGGGAGGCACTGCGGGGACGGGCGGGGTGAGCGGGAGGAGGGGAGCCGGGAG 
 TCGAGGGGTTGGAGGGGAACGCAGCGAGGCGGGGATGCTGGGGTCCAGGGCTCGG 
 AGTGCGGGCGGGACACCGGGGCTGCGGCTGCAGGCACGCTCGGGCGCCACTGGGCC 
 TCGACCGCGGTCACGGGCGGGGCGTCCAGATCTGCTCGGCACCTTGGTTTCTTGGAT 
 GACCTCTCGGTGACAGCCCTCAGCGTCCTCACCCTCAGCTAGGGACGGGTCTCCCGT 
 GGACTACAGCGTGGGGAACCCTTCCTCGAGCCTCGGGGTCATCGCTGGTGGGCGCC 
 ACTGTTGCAGCTGCCCCACCCTCCACCACTCCAGACCCTTCCTCCTTCCTCCTCGCCC 
 TGCTGCGGCTTGAGCCCGGGCCCACCC 
   
 >20:5504527-5504827 (SEQ ID NO.: 412) 
 ACTCCCCGAGACAGGGACCCGGAGACGTGGGCTTTGTCAGTTTAACAGATTCTGCCT 
 CCGGGAACCAACTGCCGGGAGATTCTGATTGGCTCAGCCGCGTGCCCACGTGACCG 
 ACCAAAACCGGCCACCAGGGTCTCCCAACTGCCTGTCAAACGCACAGCCCTGTTGG 
 GCCCCCGGAGAGGAAGAGCCGAGAAGGAGGCCAGGCCGGGGGTCAGGTGGCTTCC 
 TCTATGGGCCCTTTAATCCACCTCACTTTTTTATCTTCTTTTTTTTCCCAGCAGCTTTA 
 TTAAGTTATAATTCACAC 
   
 >20:45469465-45469765 (SEQ ID NO.: 413) 
 CCAGGAGCCCTGAGCCTTGGCCCTCAGGCCCCAGGAGGGAGGTCAGGAGGGAGGCG 
 TGGACAAGGGTCCGGCCGTAGCTGGTCCCGTCCTGGAAGCTGCTTAAGTTCCTGGTT 
 CCCACCGGGGCCAAGAGTGATACCTGATCCTGGGGGATTGTGAAATGACCTCATGT 
 GGCAGCCCGCCCGCGGTGCCCGCAAAGCCCTCCACCCTCCCCTTCCCCGCTCGGCTC 
 CACCCCTACCCCACGCCCCCTCCCGCGCGCGCGGTTAAATCCCCGCACCTGAGCATC 
 GGCTCACACCTGCACCCC 
   
 >20:52103731-52104151 (SEQ ID NO.: 414) 
 GCCCCTCGACCCAGGGGACGGGATCCTGTAAGTCTCACCTGCCTATCTCCATCCCAG 
 GCCTCGGGCACGAGGGTGGTTGTACTATCCTGGTTATGGTAGCTCCACTCGAGCAAG 
 CTTTATTTTAACATATAAGCTATTCGTTTAGTGGAGGCTTCATTAAACTACTCCCCTC 
 CACCACCACCTCGGGAAGTTGTGGTCAAAACCCACCAGACCGACTGTGGTGGAAGT 
 TGATGCGGAAGCTGGAGAGCCCGCGGCTCTGGAGGGGTGAGCCGCCCCGGAGAGG 
 GGACCCATCCTCCTTTCCGCGCCCGGAAAGAGCGGGGGAGAAGAGGAAGTCCAGTT 
 ACAACTCCTTTCCTCAGCCCCTTAAAGGAAAGGTATCAGCTAACCACGGGGAGCTG 
 GCAGCCTAAGAGAAAGTAGGAACCTA 
   
 >20:60087400-60088000 (SEQ ID NO.: 415) 
 CATCGGGCCTTGCAGCAGCGCCGCAGATATTCTGCCTCCCATTTTGCCCGCGGGGAC 
 GCCGAGGCCCGGCGCCGCATCCTGCCGCCCGTTTTGCCCGCGGGGAAGCCGAGGCC 
 CGATGCCGTACCCTGCCGCCCGTTTTGCCCGCGGGGAAGCCGAGGCCCGGCGCCGC 
 ATCCTGCCGCCCGTTTTGCCCGCGGGGAAGCCGAGGCCCGGCGCCGTATCCTGCCGC 
 CCGTTTTACCCGCGAGGAAGCCGAGGCCCGGCGCCGTATCGTGCCGCCCGTTTTGCC 
 CGCGGGGAAGCCGAGGCCCGGCGCCGTATCCTGTGGCCGTTTTACCCGCGGGAAAG 
 TCGAGGCCCGGCGCCGTATCCTGCCGCCCGTTTTACCCGCGAGGAAGCCGAGGCCC 
 GGCGCCGTATCCTGCCGCCCGTTTTACCCGCGGAGACGCCGAGGCCCGATGCCGTAT 
 CCTGCCGCCCGTTTTACCCGCGGGAAAGCCGAGGCCCGGTGCTGTATTCTGCCGCCC 
 ATTTTACCCGCGGGGAAGCTGAGGCCCAGTGCTGTTTAATATCTTACTCATGTTCACT 
 TGATGAGAAAGTGACAGATCTGAGACAAACCCAG 
   
 >21:31558435-31558795 (SEQ ID NO.: 416) 
 ACGCGTCGCCGAAAAGCCAGGCCCGGAGGTGCCTAAGTCAGGGACCGAGACGCAA 
 ACATAGACACAAGGATGCACAAGCACGCCCTCCCCGAAGTTGACAAAAATCAGCCG 
 ATAAAATACAAAGTGCCGCGGCCGCCGCAGGTCAGCGCTGACCTCCTGCTGCCGAG 
 AGGACCGAATGCCGACGTCCGGACGCTGTCATTTCCATCCAGCGAAGGCACCTGGG 
 CTGCACGGTCTCGTCTCCCTCCTTCGCGCGAGGGATGCCTCCTCCTGCCTCTCCTCCC 
 CGCATCTCCCCACCTCCCAAGTGTGTGAACACGAAAACAATACGTGGAAAGCCCGA 
 TCGGGGGGAGCTAGGACCCGCCGG 
   
 >22:23751549-23751729 (SEQ ID NO.: 417) 
 AGGATCCCCCTCCCCCAACCTGCTTCAAGGGTAGCCCTGTTCCTGTCTGCCCTCCCCG 
 CCCCCACAGAAATAGAGATGAGAAGGGGCAGGCGAAGAACTAGGAGTGTCTGCGA 
 GACCATCCCAGGACCCTGAGCCCCCCAACTCTCTGCATCCCAGGGCTGACTTCGACA 
 TGAAGCGCCTC 
   
 >22:37335098-37335278 (SEQ ID NO.: 418) 
 GCCCCCACCCCAGCCTTGGATAGGGTAGTATACGATAGGGGGCGTAAAGAAGGGTC 
 ATGGGCTCCGGTGGTCGCAGGTCCCACCGGCAACCGCCAGGGCGGGGGCAGCAGGA 
 GCAGGAACCTGCTCGCCTCCGCATCTCGTCGGCTCCCCTCTCCCGCCAGACTCCTGT 
 CTCTGCGCCAGG 
   
 >22:42432029-42432209 (SEQ ID NO.: 419) 
 CCTCCCCTTCAAAAGCCACCTTGGCAAGGCATTAGCTAAACATCTTCTCGGTCCCAG 
 AAGGCTTCCCCTGTGAAGTCTGCAGCGTTCAAACGACAACCAGCAAATCCCCAGAG 
 ACAGGTCCCTGGGAATTAGCTGCGCCGGGCGGGATGAAAGCCGCTCTGATGTTCTG 
 GAGCGAGAGAGT 
   
 >22:44752220-44752460 (SEQ ID NO.: 420) 
 CCGTCTCAAAATAAATAAATAAATACATACATACATAAAGTAAAATAATGAATAAA 
 TAAAATAAGAAATGGGGAAATGGATCAGCAAGAAAGTGCCCGCCCCAGGCATGGGT 
 GCCGTGCGGGACGGGGACGCGGCCCAGCCGGGAATCGGGGTGCCCAGGGTGCGAT 
 GTGCGAGGGGCTCCTGAGCGCGTGTGCTCCGCCCGACCCCGCCCTGTCCCCCCGACA 
 CACAGGTGGACCCAGGG 
   
 >22:45867691-45867871 (SEQ ID NO.: 421) 
 AGCGCGCCCCTATCCTGCACGCATCCGCGGCCCCGGGCCCTTTCCGCAGCCCCACGC 
 GGTCTCCTCCCGGGTTAAATCTATCCACTCGCGCGTTCCTTGGCAGCCGTGATCACA 
 GGCGTGACCACGGTCCCCAAGCCCTCGCGCCTCCGTCCACGCTATTGCGGCCGCCCC 
 TGCGCGCCTG 
   
 >22:50085187-50085994 (SEQ ID NO.: 422) 
 TGATCCATCTGGGCCCTCCAGGTGCAACACCTGACAACATCCATCGGCAACTTCGTC 
 CATGAACACATCACGCCGGGGACTCAAGCACGTTAAACTGCTCCAATTGGTAGCTA 
 AACGAGAGATTGCAAAACATGCCTCTACTCAACGGCTTAATGTCTGAGCACTTACCT 
 CCCCCGCTGCTCTGCCGTTGGGAGCACTGGTCTCTGGGTGAGGGACTTCCAGCAAGA 
 AGTATTCACAAATGAAACAAAAGCTCAGCAAACTTGAGCTGAAGGCAGGGGAAGG 
 AGAGCTGCTTCCTGAATATCAATGAGGGGAGGAATCGGGTGGATCGTAGAAATGTT 
 TCGTGTTGGTTGTGTAAACCACTGCCTCGGAGCTGTCAGAACCCAACTAGGAAAGGA 
 AGGGGCCCTGCCTGTGCCACTCGCCACAGAGCTCGGGTCTCTCAGAAGAAAGAAGC 
 GTCCCTAAGAATAGAATCCCACCAAGTACACATTCTGAGCAGGCTCTGTTTCTGAAA 
 CGTAACTGTTTACTCGAAGGTCTTCTACATCTTTCCAAGTAGCCTTTTTCCATCCCCC 
 ACAGCCACACGGTGGGAACCTCCTTCACACGGTCACATAAGCATTCACGCACTCGG 
 CTTAGCTGTGTGGCCTTGGGCGGCTCCGGATTCGGCCCTGTGGTTTGCGTGGGCAGC 
 CCGGATGGCTGGTGGGCCCGGTCCTGCTGCCCCCTTTATCTCTGCTCACCAAGCAGA 
 GAAAAACCACAGTAATGTGTGTCGCCCAGAGACACTGGCACCCTGACAACTACAGC 
 AACGGGTTCTTTGTGC 
   
 >X:781309-781729 (SEQ ID NO.: 423) 
 AGTCAGGAGCGGGCGAGCTGTATTTTTATGCTAAAATTTACACAAAGGGACGGCCC 
 CAGGCTCTCCCTCCTTTACAAGCTGTGGTCAGTCACGCCGTCTGGCCGAGGAATCCG 
 GCTTTCACAGGGGGAAGCAAATAATAGGACGGGGAAACCGCAGGGTCCTTGGGCAC 
 TCAGAGCTGTCACTCATCACAAATCCATAAAACAATTCGTGTGGAAGTAATGATATT 
 GTTTAACCACTGTATTTTTGATTAATGTATAAATAATTTAACTGAGTATTTCTTGAGT 
 TTTCAGCGTGTCTGCCATTATTTACCGGCCCTGTCATGACGGCTGCTGGTGCTCTGCC 
 ATATAAAACATCCTCAAGTCCGTCCGAGGAGGCTGGTGGGTTGTTAATGGTCTTAGG 
 GGGAAACGGCATTGCAGCTATT 
   
 FIG. 4 SEQUENCES 
 MUTATION MARKERS (DNA SEQUENCE) 
 >1:114709462-114709702 (SEQ ID NO.: 424) 
 AATGAAAAAAATGCATAACAACAAAGAATATGAATATGGATCACATCTCTACCAGA 
 GTTAATCAACTGATGCAAACTCTTGCACAAATGCTGAAAGCTGTACCATACCTGTCT 
 GGTCTTGGCTGAGGTTTCAATGAATGGAATCCCGTAACTCTTGGCCAGTTCGTGGGC 
 TTGTTTTGTATCAACTGTCCTTGTTGGCAAATCACACTTGTTTCCCACTAGCACCATA 
 GGTACATCATCCG 
   
 >1:114713788-114714028 (SEQ ID NO.: 425) 
 TGCTCCTAGTACCTGTAGAGGTTAATATCCGCAAATGACTTGCTATTATTGATGGCA 
 AATACACAGAGGAAGCCTTCGCCTGTCCTCATGTATTGGTCTCTCATGGCACTGTAC 
 TCTTCTTGTCCAGCTGTATCCAGTATGTCCAACAAACAGGTTTCACCATCTATAACCA 
 CTTGTTTTCTGTAAGAATCCTGGGGGTGTGGAGGGTAAGGGGGCAGGGAGGGAGGG 
 AAGTTCAATTTTT 
   
 >1:114716004-114716244 (SEQ ID NO.: 426) 
 CAAGTGAGAGACAGGATCAGGTCAGCGGGCTACCACTGGGCCTCACCTCTATGGTG 
 GGATCATATTCATCTACAAAGTGGTTCTGGATTAGCTGGATTGTCAGTGCGCTTTTCC 
 CAACACCACCTGCTCCAACCACCACCAGTTTGTACTCAGTCATTTCACACCAGCAAG 
 AACCTGTTGGAAACCAGTAATCAGGGTTAATTGGCGAGCCACATCTACAGTACTTTA 
 AAGCTTTCTATAA 
   
 >1:114716004-114716244 (SEQ ID NO.: 427) 
 CAAGTGAGAGACAGGATCAGGTCAGCGGGCTACCACTGGGCCTCACCTCTATGGTG 
 GGATCATATTCATCTACAAAGTGGTTCTGGATTAGCTGGATTGTCAGTGCGCTTTTCC 
 CAACACCACCTGCTCCAACCACCACCAGTTTGTACTCAGTCATTTCACACCAGCAAG 
 AACCTGTTGGAAACCAGTAATCAGGGTTAATTGGCGAGCCACATCTACAGTACTTTA 
 AAGCTTTCTATAA 
   
 >10:87933115-87933355 (SEQ ID NO.: 428) 
 TTGCAGCAATTCACTGTAAAGCTGGAAAGGGACGAACTGGTGTAATGATATGTGCA 
 TATTTATTACATCGGGGCAAATTTTTAAAGGCACAAGAGGCCCTAGATTTCTATGGG 
 GAAGTAAGGACCAGAGACAAAAAGGTAAGTTATTTTTTGATGTTTTTCCTTTCCTCTT 
 CCTGGATCTGAGAATTTATTGGAAAACAGATTTTGGGTTTCTTTTTTTCCTTCAGTTT 
 TATTGAGGTGTA 
   
 >12:25225520-25225820 (SEQ ID NO.: 429) 
 TATAGCATAATTGAGAGAAAAACTGATATATTAAATGACATAACAGTTATGATTTTG 
 CAGAAAACAGATCTGTATTTATTTCAGTGTTACTTACCTGTCTTGTCTTTGCTGATGT 
 TTCAATAAAAGGAATTCCATAACTTCTTGCTAAGTCCTGAGCCTGTTTTGTGTCTACT 
 GTTCTAGAAGGCAAATCACATTTATTTCCTACTAGGACCATAGGTACATCTTCAGAG 
 TCCTTAACTCTTTTAATTTGTTCTCTGGGAAAGAAAAAAAAGTTATAGCACAGTCAT 
 TAGTAACACAAATA 
   
 >12:25225520-25225820 (SEQ ID NO.: 430) 
 TATAGCATAATTGAGAGAAAAACTGATATATTAAATGACATAACAGTTATGATTTTG 
 CAGAAAACAGATCTGTATTTATTTCAGTGTTACTTACCTGTCTTGTCTTTGCTGATGT 
 TTCAATAAAAGGAATTCCATAACTTCTTGCTAAGTCCTGAGCCTGTTTTGTGTCTACT 
 GTTCTAGAAGGCAAATCACATTTATTTCCTACTAGGACCATAGGTACATCTTCAGAG 
 TCCTTAACTCTTTTAATTTGTTCTCTGGGAAAGAAAAAAAAGTTATAGCACAGTCAT 
 TAGTAACACAAATA 
   
 >12:25227222-25227462 (SEQ ID NO.: 431) 
 ATTTAAACCCACCTATAATGGTGAATATCTTCAAATGATTTAGTATTATTTATGGCAA 
 ATACACAAAGAAAGCCCTCCCCAGTCCTCATGTACTGGTCCCTCATTGCACTGTACT 
 CCTCTTGACCTGCTGTGTCGAGAATATCCAAGAGACAGGTTTCTCCATCAATTACTA 
 CTTGCTTCCTGTAGGAATCCTGAGAAGGGAGAAACACAGTCTGGATTATTACAGTGC 
 ACCTTTTACTTC 
   
 >12:25245228-25245468 (SEQ ID NO.: 432) 
 AAGAATGGTCCTGCACCAGTAATATGCATATTAAAACAAGATTTACCTCTATTGTTG 
 GATCATATTCGTCCACAAAATGATTCTGAATTAGCTGTATCGTCAAGGCACTCTTGC 
 CTACGCCACCAGCTCCAACTACCACAAGTTTATATTCAGTCATTTTCAGCAGGCCTT 
 ATAATAAAAATAATGAAAATGTGACTATATTAGAACATGTCACACATAAGGTTAAT 
 ACACTATCAAATAC 
   
 >12:25245228-25245468 (SEQ ID NO.: 433) 
 AAGAATGGTCCTGCACCAGTAATATGCATATTAAAACAAGATTTACCTCTATTGTTG 
 GATCATATTCGTCCACAAAATGATTCTGAATTAGCTGTATCGTCAAGGCACTCTTGC 
 CTACGCCACCAGCTCCAACTACCACAAGTTTATATTCAGTCATTTTCAGCAGGCCTT 
 ATAATAAAAATAATGAAAATGTGACTATATTAGAACATGTCACACATAAGGTTAAT 
 ACACTATCAAATAC 
   
 >3:179218185-179218425 (SEQ ID NO.: 434) 
 TATAAGATATTATTTTATTTTACAGAGTAACAGACTAGCTAGAGACAATGAATTAAG 
 GGAAAATGACAAAGAACAGCTCAAAGCAATTTCTACACGAGATCCTCTCTCTGAAA 
 TCACTGAGCAGGAGAAAGATTTTCTATGGAGTCACAGGTAAGTGCTAAAATGGAGA 
 TTCTCTGTTTCTTTTTCTTTATTACAGAAAAAATAACTGAATTTGGCTGATCTCAGCA 
 TGTTTTTACCATAC 
   
 >3:179218185-179218425 (SEQ ID NO.: 435) 
 TATAAGATATTATTTTATTTTACAGAGTAACAGACTAGCTAGAGACAATGAATTAAG 
 GGAAAATGACAAAGAACAGCTCAAAGCAATTTCTACACGAGATCCTCTCTCTGAAA 
 TCACTGAGCAGGAGAAAGATTTTCTATGGAGTCACAGGTAAGTGCTAAAATGGAGA 
 TTCTCTGTTTCTTTTTCTTTATTACAGAAAAAATAACTGAATTTGGCTGATCTCAGCA 
 TGTTTTTACCATAC 
   
 >3:179234177-179234417 (SEQ ID NO.: 436) 
 GCTCTGGAATGCCAGAACTACAATCTTTTGATGACATTGCATACATTCGAAAGACCC 
 TAGCCTTAGATAAAACTGAGCAAGAGGCTTTGGAGTATTTCATGAAACAAATGAAT 
 GATGCACATCATGGTGGCTGGACAACAAAAATGGATTGGATCTTCCACACAATTAA 
 ACAGCATGCATTGAACTGAAAAGATAACTGAGAAAATGAAAGCTCACTCTGGATTC 
 CACACTGCACTGTTAA 
   
 >7:55160195-55160435 (SEQ ID NO.: 437) 
 CCCTCAAGGAGATAAGTGATGGAGATGTGATAATTTCAGGAAACAAAAATTTGTGC 
 TATGCAAATACAATAAACTGGAAAAAACTGTTTGGGACCTCCGGTCAGAAAACCAA 
 AATTATAAGCAACAGAGGTGAAAACAGCTGCAGTAAGTCACCGCTTTCTGTTTAGTT 
 TATGGAGTTGGTTCTAATGGGTCCTTTATTTGTATTTAGAATATTGAAGGGCTATTCC 
 CATTTAAATTACTT 
   
 >7:140753216-140753456 (SEQ ID NO.: 438) 
 ACTCAGCAGCATCTCAGGGCCAAAAATTTAATCAGTGGAAAAATAGCCTCAATTCTT 
 ACCATCCACAAAATGGATCCAGACAACTGTTCAAACTGATGGGACCCACTCCATCG 
 AGATTTCACTGTAGCTAGACCAAAATCACCTATTTTTACTGTGAGGTCTTCATGAAG 
 AAATATATCTGAGGTGTAGTAAGTAAAGGAAAACAGTAGATCTCATTTTCCTATCAG 
 AGCAAGCATTATGA 
   
 >19:1223005-1223245 (SEQ ID NO.: 439) 
 CTCCGGCTGAAGCACCAGTGCCCATCCCACCGAGCCCAGACACCAAGGACCGGTGG 
 CGCAGCATGACTGTGGTGCCGTACTTGGAGGACCTGCACGGCGCGGACGAGGACGA 
 GGACCTCTTCGACATCGAGGATGACATCATCTACACTCAGGACTTCACGGTGCCCGG 
 TGAGTCTGGCGGGGGCCCCTGCCCGGCTCTGCTGACTCGGCCAGGATGTCCCACGGG 
 AGCAGGGTGCCTGCC 
   
 >7:7673682-7673922 (SEQ ID NO.: 440) 
 AATGTGTAAAATCACTTCTTTTTCCCCCCCTTTTTTTTTTTAACTGTGGAAAATCTAA 
 AGTCTTCAAGAATCCTTGATGAATTCAAGTTCTGTCTTATAAATAGTACTAACCTTGT 
 TTCATAAATTAGCATCTGAAATTAAATTAGGCATCCAATAAATATTTGCTGAATGAA 
 GTAGACTTTAAAATCTAAATATGTTAAATAGTGTTTCCTGTTTAAGACTATTTTCTAT 
 TATAAAATTA 
   
 >4:54727179-54727419 (SEQ ID NO.: 441) 
 TGCCAAAGTTTGTGATTCCACATTTCTCTTCCATTGTAGAGCAAATCCATCCCCACAC 
 CCTGTTCACTCCTTTGCTGATTGGTTTCGTAATCGTAGCTGGCATGATGTGCATTATT 
 GTGATGATTCTGACCTACAAATATTTACAGGTAACCATTTATTTGTTCTCTCTCCAGA 
 GTGCTCTAATGACTGAGACAATAATTATTAAAAGGTGATCTATTTTTCCCTTTCTCCC 
 CACAGAAAC 
   
 >7:116700088-116700328 (SEQ ID NO.: 442) 
 CCAGCCTGAATGATGACATTCTTTTCGGGGTGTTCGCACAAAGCAAGCCAGATTCTG 
 CCGAACCAATGGATCGATCTGCCATGTGTGCATTCCCTATCAAATATGTCAACGACT 
 TCTTCAACAAGATCGTCAACAAAAACAATGTGAGATGTCTCCAGCATTTTTACGGAC 
 CCAATCATGAGCACTGCTTTAATAGGGTAAGTCACATCAGTTCCCCACTTATAAACT 
 GTGAGGTATAAAT 
   
 MUTATED AMINO ACID SEQUENCES (mutAA) 
 SEQ ID NO.: 443 
 P 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 444 
 KPLRHH 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 445 
 CRAY 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 446 
 CRAV 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 447 
 S 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 448 
 P 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 449 
 NN 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 450 
 KPLRHH 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 451 
 CRAV 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 452 
 CRAV 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 453 
 QAGV 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 454 
 EKLPR 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 455 
 LR 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 456 
 R 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 457 
 EGA 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 458 
 L 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 459 
 GL 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 460 
 L 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 461 
 S 
   
 MUTATION CODON (DNA SEQUENCE: chr:i.start-i.end) 
 chr1:114709581-114709583 (SEQ ID NO.: 462) 
 GGC 
   
 chr1:114713907-114713909 (SEQ ID NO.: 463) 
 TTG 
   
 chr1:114716122-114716124 (SEQ ID NO.: 464) 
 ACC 
   
 chr1:114716125-114716127 (SEQ ID NO.: 465) 
 ACC 
   
 chr10:87933234-87933236 (SEQ ID NO.: 466) 
 AGG 
   
 chr12:25225626-25225628 (SEQ ID NO.: 467) 
 TGC 
   
 chr12:25225713-25225715 (SEQ ID NO.: 468) 
 TTT 
   
 chr12:25227341-25227343 (SEQ ID NO.: 469) 
 TTG 
   
 chr12:25245346-25245348 (SEQ ID NO.: 470) 
 GCC 
   
 chr12:25245349-25245351 (SEQ ID NO.: 471) 
 ACC 
   
 chr3:179218303-179218305 (SEQ ID NO.: 472) 
 GAG 
   
 chr3:179218306-179218308 (SEQ ID NO.: 473) 
 CAG 
   
 chr3:179234296-179234298 (SEQ ID NO.: 474) 
 CAT 
   
 chr7:55160314-55160316 (SEQ ID NO.: 475) 
 AGC 
   
 chr7:140753335-140753337 (SEQ ID NO.: 476) 
 CAC 
   
 chr19:1223124-1223126 (SEQ ID NO.: 477) 
 TTC 
   
 chr7:7673801-7673803 (SEQ ID NO.: 478) 
 ACG 
   
 chr4:54727298-54727300 (SEQ ID NO.: 479) 
 ATG 
   
 chr7:116700207-116700209 (SEQ ID NO.: 480) 
 AAC 
   
 UNMUTATED AMINO ACID SEQUENCE (AA) 
 SEQ ID NO.: 481 
 A 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 482 
 Q 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 483 
 G 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 484 
 G 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 485 
 R 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 486 
 A 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 487 
 K 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 488 
 Q 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 489 
 G 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 490 
 G 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 491 
 E 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 492 
 Q 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 493 
 H 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 494 
 S 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 495 
 V 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 496 
 F 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 497 
 R 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 498 
 M 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 499 
 N 
   
 seq_plus_30 bp_padding (DNA Sequence) 
 SEQ ID NO.: 500 
 ctgaaagctgtaccatacctgtctggtcttGGCtgaggtttcaatgaatggaatcccgtaact 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 501 
 gtattggtctctcatggcactgtactcttcTTGtccagctgtatccagtatgtccaacaaaca 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 502 
 tagctggattgtcagtgcgcttttcccaacACCacctgctccaaccaccaccagtttgtactc 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 503 
 ctggattgtcagtgcgcttttcccaacaccACCtgctccaaccaccaccagtttgtactcagt 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 504 
 caagaggccctagatttctatggggaagtaAGGaccagagacaaaaaggtaagttattttttg 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 505 
 tatttcagtgttacttacctgtcttgtcttTGCtgatgtttcaataaaaggaattccataact 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 506 
 tgtgtctactgttctagaaggcaaatcacaTTTatttcctactaggaccataggtacatcttc 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 507 
 gtactggtccctcattgcactgtactcctcTTGacctgctgtgtcgagaatatccaagagaca 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 508 
 tagctgtatcgtcaaggcactcttgcctacGCCaccagctccaactaccacaagtttatattc 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 509 
 ctgtatcgtcaaggcactcttgcctacgccACCagctccaactaccacaagtttatattcagt 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 510 
 tctacacgagatcctctctctgaaatcactGAGcaggagaaagattttctatggagtcacagg 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 511 
 acacgagatcctctctctgaaatcactgagCAGgagaaagattttctatggagtcacaggtaa 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 512 
 gagtatttcatgaaacaaatgaatgatgcaCATcatggtggctggacaacaaaaatggattgg 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 513 
 gggacctccggtcagaaaaccaaaattataAGCaacagaggtgaaaacagctgcagtaagtca 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 514 
 aaactgatgggacccactccatcgagatttCACtgtagctagaccaaaatcacctatttttac 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 515 
 ctgcacggcgcggacgaggacgaggacctcTTCgacatcgaggatgacatcatctacactcag 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 516 
 gcgccggtctctcccaggacaggcacaaacACGcacctcaaagctgttccgtcccagtagatt 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 517 
 atcgtagctggcatgatgtgcattattgtgATGattctgacctacaaatatttacaggtaacc 
   
 SEQ ID NO.: 518 
 ttccctatcaaatatgtcaacgacttcttcAACaagatcgtcaacaaaaacaatgtgagatgt 
 
 
 1 determining a methylation status of each of two or more markers identified in DNA from a sample obtained from the subject, and determining whether the subject has advanced adenoma based at least in part on the determined methylation status of each of the two or more markers, wherein each of at least two of the two or more markers is a methylation locus comprising at least a portion of a differentially methylated region (DMR) selected from the DMRs of  FIGS.  3 3 
 2 claim 1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ ID NO. 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 100785927 100786167 SEQ ID NO.: 221 
 14 97412990 97413410 SEQ ID NO.: 374 
 wherein each said portion comprises at least three (3) CpGs. 
 3 claim 1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ ID NO. 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 100785927 100786167 SEQ ID NO.: 221 
 14 97412990 97413410 SEQ ID NO.: 374 
 20 3083167 3083587 SEQ ID NO.: 411 
 8 37797956 37798676 SEQ ID NO.: 329 
 wherein each said portion comprises at least three (3) CpGs. 
 4 claim 1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ ID NO. 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 100785927 100786167 SEQ ID NO.: 221 
 14 97412990 97413410 SEQ ID NO.: 374 
 20 3083167 3083587 SEQ ID NO.: 411 
 8 37797956 37798676 SEQ ID NO.: 329 
 16 57091834 57092014 SEQ ID NO.: 387 
 4 7940020 7940200 SEQ ID NO.: 287 
 19 40811045 40811585 SEQ ID NO.: 403 
 1 154567391 154567691 SEQ ID NO.: 246 
 14 105364294 105364612 SEQ ID NO.: 376 
 9 61862430 61863030 SEQ ID NO.: 338 
 wherein each said portion comprises at least three (3) CpGs. 
 5 claim 1 
 6 claim 1 
 7 claim 1 
 8 claim 1 
 9 claim 1 
 10 claim 1 
 11 12 
 13 determining a methylation status of each of two or more markers identified in DNA from a sample obtained from the subject, and determining whether the subject has colorectal cancer based at least in part on the determined methylation status of each of the two or more markers, wherein each of at least two of the two or more markers is a methylation locus comprising at least a portion of a differentially methylated region (DMR) selected from the DMRs of  FIG.  2 
 14 claim 13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ ID NO. 
 
 
 7 96997902 96999222 SEQ ID NO.: 92 
 8 96145538 96145718 SEQ ID NO.: 108 
 each said portion comprising at least three (3) CpGs. 
 15 claim 13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ ID NO. 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 96997902 96999222 SEQ ID NO.: 92 
 8 96145538 96145718 SEQ ID NO.: 108 
 2 100322218 100322818 SEQ ID NO.: 28 
 2 29115776 29116791 SEQ ID NO.: 17 
 each said portion comprising at least three (3) CpGs. 
 16 claim 13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ ID NO. 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 96997902 96999222 SEQ ID NO.: 92 
 8 96145538 96145718 SEQ ID NO.: 108 
 2 100322218 100322818 SEQ ID NO.: 28 
 2 29115776 29116791 SEQ ID NO.: 17 
 2 88765502 88766042 SEQ ID NO.: 25 
 4 153249541 153249721 SEQ ID NO.: 55 
 2 86790271 86790811 SEQ ID NO.: 24 
 2 176094518 176094878 SEQ ID NO.: 35 
 3 37453325 37453874 SEQ ID NO.: 41 
 each said portion comprising at least three (3) CpGs. 
 17 claim 13 
 18 claim 13 
 19 claim 13 
 20 claim 13 
 21 claim 13 
 22 claim 13 
 23 determining a methylation status for both of the following in deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) from a sample of a human subject:
 (i) a methylation locus within gene DLX6-AS1; and (ii) a methylation locus within gene GDF6; and diagnosing colorectal cancer in the human subject based on at least said determined methylation status. 
 24 claim 23 
 25 claim 23 
 26 205 
 206 claim 1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 chr start end SEQ ID NO. 
 
 
 
 
 
 14 97412990 97413410 SEQ ID NO.: 374 
 8 37797956 37798676 SEQ ID NO.: 329 
 16 57091834 57092014 SEQ ID NO.: 387 
 4 7940020 7940200 SEQ ID NO.: 287 
 1 154567391 154567691 SEQ ID NO.: 246 
 wherein each said portion comprises at least three (3) CpGs. 
 207 claim 13 
 The present disclosure provides, among other things, methods for cancer detection (e.g., screening) and compositions related thereto. In various embodiments, the present disclosure provides methods for colorectal and/or advanced adenoma detection (e.g., screening) and compositions related thereto. In various embodiments, the present disclosure provides methods for screening that include analysis of methylation status of one or more methylation biomarkers, and compositions related thereto. In various embodiments, the present disclosure provides methods for detection (e.g., screening) that include detecting (e.g., screening) methylation status of one or more methylation biomarkers in cfDNA, e.g., in ctDNA. In various embodiments, the present disclosure provides methods for screening that include detecting (e.g., screening) methylation status of one or more methylation biomarkers in cfDNA, e.g., in ctDNA, using next-generation sequencing techniques.


 CROSS-REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATION This application is a Continuation-in-part of International Application No. PCT/US2020/060808, filed Nov. 16, 2020, which claims priority to U.S. Provisional Application No. 62/935,763, filed on Nov. 15, 2019, the entire disclosure of each being incorporated herein by reference as though set forth in full. Incorporation by Reference of Material Submitted in Electronic Form Applicant hereby incorporates by reference the Sequence Listing material filed in electronic form herewith. This file is labelled “SEQLIST.txt” dated May 13, 2022 and is 11,518 bytes in size. FIELD OF THE INVENTION The present invention relates to various compositions and methods for regulating EGFR amplification in cancer in order to sensitize tumor cells to EGFR-targeted anti-cancer agents. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION Several publications and patent documents are cited throughout the specification in order to describe the state of the art to which this invention pertains. Each of these citations is incorporated herein by reference as though set forth in full. Chromosomal instability is a hallmark of cancer cells (1). These abnormalities can include entire chromosome events or they can be localized to site-specific chromosomal regions (2). For example, the chromosome 112-25 (112-25) region is regularly amplified in tumors (3-9). This amplification event is often associated with drug resistance as a number of genes (e.g., MCL1, CKS1B which confer drug resistance) reside within this chromosomal region (3-9). Amplification of these regions can occur as frequently as the well documented oncogene amplifications MYC and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) in certain tumor types (e.g., 1921.3 at 21% versus MYC at 26% in liver cancer; (10)). However, it is important to note that amplifications are not always permanently integrated (2). A recent study estimated that approximately 50% of tumors contain extrachromosomal DNA (ecDNA) amplifications for the EGFR and MYC genes (11). The extrachromosomal nature of these copy gains provides the cell an opportunity to either select for or against these amplifications, which will impact cell growth and drug response. For example, extrachromosomal amplification of EGFR results in increased sensitivity to targeted therapies. However, following prolonged treatment with an EGFR inhibitor, the ecDNA copies of EGFR are reduced, leading to therapy resistance (12). In the case of methotrexate therapy, the dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR) gene is amplified and provides resistance (13-16). DHFR amplifications can occur as integrated and/or extrachromosomal events (13-16). It is clear that extrachromosomal amplifications promote tumor heterogeneity and tumor adaptation, both of which are major contributors to drug resistance (2,11). Elucidating the cellular physiology and molecular mechanisms that promote oncogene-associated extrachromosomal events should have a profound impact on our understanding of tumor heterogeneity and drug resistance. The molecular mechanisms underlying extrachromosomal amplification events are still poorly understood; however, recent studies have demonstrated a critical role for epigenetic states and chromatin modifying enzymes in controlling site-specific re-replication, and in turn, DNA copy number amplification (10,17-19). For example, overexpression or stabilization of the H3K9/36 tri-demethylase KDM4A, and the direct modulation of chromatin states (H3K9 and K36 methylation) promotes transient site-specific DNA copy gains (TSSGs) within the Chr1q12-21 region (17-20). These DNA copy gains are transiently generated during S phase and are lost in late S or early G2 phase of the cell cycle (18). Indeed, KDM4A interacts with components of the replication machinery, facilitating re-replication at the TSSG sites (18). EGFR DNA amplification tends to result in poor prognosis for patients with EGFR-amplified cancer (22). EGFR-targeted therapies have been developed in recent years (23) and EGFR amplifications have been shown to associate with varying degrees of patient response across various amplified tumors (24-29). EGFR DNA amplification is prevalent across a number of different cancer types, with up to 54% of patients exhibiting amplification in some tumor types (e.g., glioblastoma multiforme) (10). An important clinical challenge with EGFR amplification is the plasticity of the amplification (12). Therefore, there is a major clinical need to resolve the mechanisms driving EGFR amplification in order to generate effective therapeutic strategies to treat these aggressive cancers. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION In accordance with the present invention, a method for treating a subject having an EGFR inhibitor (EGFRi) resistant tumor is provided. In one aspect, the method entails determining EGFR copy number in cells obtained from said tumor, contacting the cells with an agent that modulates amplification of EGFR to a level which sensitizes said cells to EGFR inhibitors; and administering to the subject an EGFRi, thereby reducing tumor cell proliferation or inducing tumor cell killing which exceeds that observed in tumor cells not treated with the EGFR amplification modulation agent. In certain embodiments, copy number is determined using DNA FISH. In a preferred embodiment, the EGFR copy number is determined to be high and said tumor cells are contacted with at least one inhibitor selected from EZH2 inhibitor, KDM5 inhibitor and KDM5A inhibitor which further increases EGFR amplification and sensitivity of said cells to EGFRi. In certain embodiments, the inhibitor inhibits EZH2. In other embodiments, the inhibitor is tazemetostat. The cells to be treated can be diploid for EGFR copies. The cells can have an EGFR copy number of between 3-7. In other aspects, the tumor cells have a copy number of EGFR of 8 or higher. In other embodiments, the cells exhibit a loss of heterozygosity in the EGFR region and the inhibitor is an EZH2 inhibitor. The tumor cells can also be contacted with at least one histone lysine methyltransferase (KMT), thereby increasing EGFR copy number and rendering the tumor more sensitive to EGFR inhibitors. The KMT can be selected from KMT2A, SETD1A and SETD1B. In other embodiments, the method includes administration of at least one EGFR inhibitor selected from gefitinib, erlotinib, lapatinib, cetuximab, osimertinib, panitumumab, neratinib, vandetanib, necitumumab, and dacomitinib. In preferred embodiments, the at least one EGFR inhibitor is selected from gefinitnib or lapatnib. In yet another aspect, the modulation of EGFR amplification reduces tumor heterogeneity. An exemplary method for reducing tumor heterogeneity in a subject in need thereof, in order to sensitize the tumor to EGFRi therapy, comprises reducing EGFR amplification levels via administration at least one KDM4 inhibitor and treating said tumor with an EGFR inhibitor. In certain cases, the tumor cells are hypoxic. The method can further comprise determining EGFR amplification levels prior to KDM4 inhibitor administration step. In other aspects of the methods, methylase and demethylase expression levels in the tumor are determined at protein and RNA levels. The inhibitors of the invention are administered in a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier via route selected from the group consisting of systemic, oral, intraperitoneal, intravenous, intracerebral, intratumoral and topical administration. Preferred routes of administration include systemic and oral administration. 
 BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG.  1 1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  2 2 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 FIG.  3 3 FIG.  3 FIG.  3 FIG.  3 FIG.  3 FIG.  3 FIG.  3 FIG.  3 FIG.  3 FIG.  3 FIG.  3 FIG.  3 FIG.  3 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 4 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 FIG.  5 5 FIG.  5 FIG.  5 FIG.  5 FIG.  5 FIG.  5 FIG.  6 6 FIG.  6 FIG.  6 FIG.  7 7 FIG.  7 7 FIG.  7 FIG.  7 FIG.  7 FIG.  7 FIG.  7 FIG.  7 FIG.  7 FIG.  7 FIG.  7 FIG.  7 FIG.  7 FIG.  7 FIG.  7 FIG.  7 FIG.  7 FIGS.  8 9 FIG.  8 8 FIG.  8 FIG.  8 FIG.  8 FIG.  8 FIG.  4 FIG.  8 FIG.  8 FIG.  8 FIG.  8 FIG.  8 FIG.  8 FIG.  9 9 FIG.  9 FIG.  9 FIG.  9 FIG.  9 FIG.  9 FIG.  9 9 FIG.  9 FIG.  9 FIG.  9 FIGS.  9 9 FIG.  9 FIG.  9 9 FIG.  9 FIG.  9 FIG.  9 FIG.  9 FIG.  9 FIG.  9 FIG.  9 FIG.  10 10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  12 FIG.  10 FIG.  10 FIG.  9 FIG.  11 11 FIG.  11 FIG.  11 FIG.  11 2  FIG.  11 FIG.  11 FIG.  11 FIG.  11 FIG.  11 FIG.  11 FIG.  11 FIG.  11 FIG.  11 FIG.  11 FIG.  12 120 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  12 FIG.  1 FIG.  13 13 FIG.  13 FIG.  13 FIG.  13 FIG.  13 FIG.  13 FIG.  13 FIG.  13 FIG.  13 FIG.  14 14 FIG.  14 FIG.  14 FIG.  14 FIG.  14 FIG.  14 FIG.  14 FIG.  14 FIG.  14 FIG.  14 FIG.  14 FIG.  14 FIG.  14 FIG.  14 FIG.  15 FIG.  16 FIG.  16 FIG.  16 FIG.  17 FIG.  18 DETAILED DESCRIPTION Acquired chromosomal DNA copy gains are a feature of many tumors; however, the mechanisms that underpin oncogene amplification are poorly understood. Recent studies have begun to uncover the importance of epigenetic states and histone lysine methyltransferases (KMTs) and demethylases (KDMs) in regulating transient site-specific DNA copy number gains (TSSGs). We have revealed a critical interplay between a myriad of lysine methyltransferases and demethylases in modulating H3K4/9/27 methylation balance in order to control extrachromosomal amplification of the EGFR oncogene. Further, we establish that cellular signals (hypoxia and epidermal growth factor) are able to directly promote EGFR amplification through modulation of the enzymes controlling EGFR copy gains. Moreover, we demonstrate that chemical inhibitors targeting specific KMTs and KDMs are able to promote or block extrachromosomal EGFR amplification, which identifies useful therapeutic strategies for controlling EGFR copy number heterogeneity in cancer, and in turn, drug response. We demonstrate that chromatin modifying enzymes and their associated epigenetic states control amplification of the EGFR locus. Specifically, we demonstrate that directly interfering with H3K9 and H3K27 methylation promotes EGFR amplification. Furthermore, we establish a critical interplay between H3K4/9/27 lysine methyltransferases and demethylases in either promoting or blocking EGFR amplification. For example, KDM4A overexpression promotes EGFR copy gains in conjunction with three H3K4 methyltransferases: KMT2A/MLL1, SETD1A and SETD1B. In addition, we demonstrate that suppression of specific H3K9 KMTs and the H3K27 KMT EZH2 generates EGFR amplification. Consistent with these genetic experiments, we demonstrate for the first time that chemical inhibitors targeting KMT-KDMs are able to rheostat EGFR copy number, and in turn, growth factor and EGFR inhibitor responses. Lastly, we demonstrate that extrinsic cellular cues, such as hypoxia and Epidermal Growth Factor (EGF), promote EGFR amplification by modulating the KMT-KDM network that controls EGFR copy number. Taken together, this data uncovers both chromatin modifiers and extracellular signals that control EGFR amplification and demonstrate that epigenetic therapies could hold a key to modulating EGFR copy number heterogeneity in cancer, which has significant clinical implications. I. Definitions The following definitions are provided to facilitate an understanding of the present invention. Unless defined otherwise, all technical and scientific terms used herein have the same meaning as commonly understood by one of ordinary skill in the art to which this invention belongs. Generally, conventional methods of molecular biology, microbiology, recombinant DNA techniques, cell biology, and virology within the skill of the art are employed in the present invention. Such techniques are explained fully in the literature, see, e.g., Maniatis, Fritsch & Sambrook, Molecular Cloning: A Laboratory Manual (1982); DNA Cloning: A Practical Approach, Volumes I and II (D. N. Glover, ed. 1985); Oligonucleotide Synthesis (M. J. Gait, ed. 1984); Nucleic Acid Hybridization (B. D. Hames & S. J. Higgins, eds. (1984)); Animal Cell Culture (R. I. Freshney, ed. 1986); and RNA Viruses: A Practical Approach, (Alan, J. Cann, Ed., Oxford University Press, 2000). For purposes of the present invention, “a” or “an” entity refers to one or more of that entity; for example, “a cDNA” refers to one or more cDNA or at least one cDNA. As such, the terms “a” or “an,” “one or more” and “at least one” can be used interchangeably herein. It is also noted that the terms “comprising,” “including,” and “having” can be used interchangeably. Furthermore, a compound “selected from the group consisting of” refers to one or more of the compounds in the list that follows, including mixtures (i.e. combinations) of two or more of the compounds. The phrase “consisting essentially of” when referring to a particular nucleotide or amino acid means a sequence having the properties of a given SEQ ID NO. For example, when used in reference to an amino acid sequence, the phrase includes the sequence per se and molecular modifications that would not affect the functional and novel characteristics of the sequence. A “derivative” of a polypeptide, polynucleotide or fragments thereof means a sequence modified by varying the sequence of the construct, e.g. by manipulation of the nucleic acid encoding the protein or by altering the protein itself. “Derivatives” of a gene or nucleotide sequence refers to any isolated nucleic acid molecule that contains significant sequence similarity to the gene or nucleotide sequence or a part thereof. In addition, “derivatives” include such isolated nucleic acids containing modified nucleotides or mimetics of naturally-occurring nucleotides. The term “functional” as used herein implies that the nucleic or amino acid sequence is functional for the recited assay or purpose. For purposes of the invention, “Nucleic acid”, “nucleotide sequence” or a “nucleic acid molecule” as used herein refers to any DNA or RNA molecule, either single or double stranded and, if single stranded, the molecule of its complementary sequence in either linear or circular form. In discussing nucleic acid molecules, a sequence or structure of a particular nucleic acid molecule may be described herein according to the normal convention of providing the sequence in the 5′ to 3′ direction. With reference to nucleic acids of the invention, the term “isolated nucleic acid” is sometimes used. This term, when applied to DNA, refers to a DNA molecule that is separated from sequences with which it is immediately contiguous in the naturally occurring genome of the organism in which it originated. For example, an “isolated nucleic acid” may comprise a DNA molecule inserted into a vector, such as a plasmid or virus vector, or integrated into the genomic DNA of a prokaryotic or eukaryotic cell or host organism. Alternatively, this term may refer to a DNA that has been sufficiently separated from (e.g., substantially free of) other cellular components with which it would naturally be associated. “Isolated” is not meant to exclude artificial or synthetic mixtures with other compounds or materials, or the presence of impurities that do not interfere with the fundamental activity, and that may be present, for example, due to incomplete purification. When applied to RNA, the term “isolated nucleic acid” refers primarily to an RNA molecule encoded by an isolated DNA molecule as defined above. Alternatively, the term may refer to an RNA molecule that has been sufficiently separated from other nucleic acids with which it would be associated in its natural state (i.e., in cells or tissues). An isolated nucleic acid (either DNA or RNA) may further represent a molecule produced directly by biological or synthetic means and separated from other components present during its production. According to the present invention, an isolated or biologically pure molecule or cell is a compound that has been removed from its natural milieu. As such, “isolated” and “biologically pure” do not necessarily reflect the extent to which the compound has been purified. An isolated compound of the present invention can be obtained from its natural source, can be produced using laboratory synthetic techniques or can be produced by any such chemical synthetic route. The terms “extrachromosomal DNA” or “ecDNA” refer to any DNA that is found off the chromosomes, either inside or outside the nucleus. Multiple forms of ecDNA exist and can play an important role in diseases such as cancer. ecDNA has been identified in the nuclei of various cancer cells and has been shown to carry many copies of driver oncogenes. ecDNA is considered to be a primary mechanism of gene amplification, resulting in many copies of driver oncogenes and very aggressive cancers. The terms “miRNA” and “microRNA” refer to about 10-35 nt, preferably about 15-30 nt, and more preferably about 19-26 nt, non-coding RNAs derived from endogenous genes encoded in the genomes of plants and animals. They are processed from longer hairpin-like precursors termed pre-miRNAs that are often hundreds of nucleotides in length. MicroRNAs assemble in complexes termed miRNPs and recognize their targets by antisense complementarity. These highly conserved, endogenously expressed RNAs are believed to regulate the expression of genes by binding to the 3′-untranslated regions (3′-UTR) of specific mRNAs as well as other regions on targeted mRNAs. Without being bound by theory, a possible mechanism of action assumes that if the microRNAs match 100% their target, i.e. the complementarity is complete, the target mRNA is cleaved, and the miRNA acts like a siRNA. However, if the match is incomplete, i.e. the complementarity is partial, then the translation of the target mRNA is blocked. The manner by which a miRNA base-pairs with its mRNA target correlates with its function: if the complementarity between a mRNA and its target is extensive, the RNA target is cleaved; if the complementarity is partial, the stability of the target mRNA in not affected but its translation is repressed. The term “RNA interference” or “RNAi” refers generally to a process or system in which a RNA molecule changes the expression of a nucleic acid sequence with which RNA molecule shares substantial or total homology. The term “RNAi agent” refers to an RNA sequence that elicits RNAi. An “siRNA” refers to a molecule involved in the RNA interference process for a sequence-specific post-transcriptional gene silencing or gene knockdown by providing small interfering RNAs (siRNAs) that has homology with the sequence of the targeted gene. Small interfering RNAs (siRNAs) can be synthesized in vitro or generated by ribonuclease III cleavage from longer dsRNA and are the mediators of sequence-specific mRNA degradation. Preferably, the siRNA of the invention are chemically synthesized using appropriately protected ribonucleoside phosphoramidites and a conventional DNA/RNA synthesizer. The siRNA can be synthesized as two separate, complementary RNA molecules, or as a single RNA molecule with two complementary regions. Commercial suppliers of synthetic RNA molecules or synthesis reagents include Applied Biosystems (Foster City, Calif., USA), Proligo (Hamburg, Germany), Dharmacon Research (Lafayette, Colo., USA), Pierce Chemical (part of Perbio Science, Rockford, Ill., USA), Glen Research (Sterling, Va., USA), ChemGenes (Ashland, Mass., USA) and Cruachem (Glasgow, UK). A “small nucleic acid inhibitor” refers to any sequence based nucleic acid molecule which, when introduced into a cell expressing the target nucleic acid, is capable of modulating expression of that target. siRNA, antisense, miRNA, shRNA and the like may be utilized in the methods of the invention. The term “delivery” as used herein refers to the introduction of foreign molecule (i.e., miRNA containing nanoparticle) into cells. The term “administration” as used herein means the introduction of a foreign molecule into a cell. The term is intended to be synonymous with the term “delivery”. As used herein, the phrase “effective amount” of a compound or pharmaceutical composition refers to an amount sufficient to modulate tumor growth or metastasis in an animal, especially a human, including without limitation decreasing tumor growth or size or preventing formation of tumor growth in an animal lacking any tumor formation prior to administration, i.e., prophylactic administration. Preferably, as used herein, the term “pharmaceutically acceptable” means approved by a regulatory agency of the Federal or a state government or listed in the U.S. Pharmacopeia or other generally recognized pharmacopeia for use in animals, and more particularly in humans. The term “carrier” refers, for example to a diluent, adjuvant, excipient, auxiliary agent or vehicle with which an active agent of the present invention is administered. Such pharmaceutical carriers can be sterile liquids, such as water and oils, including those of petroleum, animal, vegetable or synthetic origin, such as peanut oil, soybean oil, mineral oil, sesame oil and the like. Water or aqueous saline solutions and aqueous dextrose and glycerol solutions are preferably employed as carriers, particularly for injectable solutions. Suitable pharmaceutical carriers are described in “Remington's Pharmaceutical Sciences” by E. W. Martin. A pharmaceutical composition of the present invention can be administered by any suitable route, for example, by injection, by oral, pulmonary, nasal or other forms of administration. In general, pharmaceutical compositions contemplated to be within the scope of the invention, comprise, inter alia, pharmaceutically acceptable diluents, preservatives, solubilizers, emulsifiers, adjuvants and/or carriers. Such compositions can include diluents of various buffer content (e.g., Tris HCl, acetate, phosphate), pH and ionic strength; additives such as detergents and solubilizing agents (e.g., Tween 80, Polysorbate 80), anti oxidants (e.g., ascorbic acid, sodium metabisulfite), preservatives (e.g., Thimersol, benzyl alcohol) and bulking substances (e.g., lactose, mannitol); incorporation of the material into particulate preparations of polymeric compounds such as polylactic acid, polyglycolic acid, etc., or into liposomes. Such compositions may influence the physical state, stability, rate of in vivo release, and rate of in vivo clearance of components of a pharmaceutical composition of the present invention. See, e.g., Remington's Pharmaceutical Sciences, 18th Ed. (1990, Mack Publishing Co., Easton, Pa. 18042) pages 1435 1712 which are herein incorporated by reference. A pharmaceutical composition of the present invention can be prepared, for example, in liquid form, or can be in dried powder, such as lyophilized form. Particular methods of administering such compositions are described infra. In yet another embodiment, a pharmaceutical composition of the present invention can be delivered in a controlled release system, such as using an intravenous infusion, an implantable osmotic pump, a transdermal patch, liposomes, or other modes of administration. In a particular embodiment, a pump may be used [see Langer, supra; Sefton, CRC Crit. Ref. Biomed. Eng. 14:201 (1987); Buchwald et al., Surgery 88:507 (1980); Saudek et al., N. Engl. J. Med. 321:574 (1989)]. In another embodiment, polymeric materials can be used [see Medical Applications of Controlled Release, Langer and Wise (eds.), CRC Press: Boca Raton, Fla. (1974); Controlled Drug Bioavailability, Drug Product Design and Performance, Smolen and Ball (eds.), Wiley: New York (1984); Ranger and Peppas, J. Macromol. Sci. Rev. Macromol. Chem. 23:61 (1983); see also Levy et al., Science 228:190 (1985); During et al., Ann. Neurol. 25:351 (1989); Howard et al., J. Neurosurg. 71:105 (1989)]. In yet another embodiment, a controlled release system can be placed in proximity of the target tissues of the animal, thus requiring only a fraction of the systemic dose [see, e.g., Goodson, in Medical Applications of Controlled Release, supra, vol. 2, pp. 115 138 (1984)]. In particular, a controlled release device can be introduced into an animal in proximity of the site of inappropriate immune activation or a tumor. Other controlled release systems are discussed in the review by Langer [Science 249:1527 1533 (1990)]. As used herein the term “biomarker” refers to a characteristic that is objectively measured and evaluated as an indicator of normal biologic processes, pathogenic processes, or pharmacologic responses to a therapeutic intervention. As used herein, the terms “modulate”, “modulating” or “modulation” refer to changing the rate at which a particular process occurs, inhibiting or promoting a particular process, reversing a particular process, and/or preventing the initiation of a particular process. Accordingly, if the particular process is tumor growth or metastasis, the term “modulation” includes, without limitation, decreasing the rate at which tumor growth and/or metastasis occurs; inhibiting tumor growth and/or metastasis; reversing tumor growth and/or metastasis (including tumor shrinkage and/or eradication) and/or preventing tumor growth and/or metastasis. As used herein, the terms “tumor”, “tumor growth” or “tumor tissue” can be used interchangeably, and refer to an abnormal growth of tissue resulting from uncontrolled progressive multiplication of cells and serving no physiological function. A solid tumor can be malignant, e.g. tending to metastasize and being life threatening, or benign. Examples of solid tumors that can be treated or prevented according to a method of the present invention include sarcomas and carcinomas such as, but not limited to: fibrosarcoma, myxosarcoma, liposarcoma, chondrosarcoma, osteogenic sarcoma, chordoma, angiosarcoma, endotheliosarcoma, lymphangiosarcoma, lymphangioendotheliosarcoma, synovioma, mesothelioma, Ewing's tumor, leiomyosarcoma, rhabdomyosarcoma, colon carcinoma, colorectal cancer, gastric cancer, pancreatic cancer, breast cancer, ovarian cancer, prostate cancer, squamous cell carcinoma, basal cell carcinoma, adenocarcinoma, sweat gland carcinoma, sebaceous gland carcinoma, papillary carcinoma, papillary adenocarcinomas, cystadenocarcinoma, medullary carcinoma, bronchogenic carcinoma, renal cell carcinoma, hepatoma, liver metastases, bile duct carcinoma, choriocarcinoma, seminoma, embryonal carcinoma, thyroid carcinoma such as anaplastic thyroid cancer, Wilms' tumor, cervical cancer, testicular tumor, lung carcinoma such as small cell lung carcinoma and non-small cell lung carcinoma, bladder carcinoma, epithelial carcinoma, glioma, astrocytoma, medulloblastoma, craniopharyngioma, ependymoma, pinealoma, hemangioblastoma, acoustic neuroma, oligodendroglioma, meningioma, melanoma, neuroblastoma, glioblastoma, and retinoblastoma. As used herein, the phrase “chromosomal instability” refers to a higher than normal rate of mis-segregation of chromosomes or parts of chromosomes during mitosis due to defective cell cycle quality control mechanisms, resulting in copy number alterations (CNAs) or aneuploidy. The phrase “gene amplification” or “copy number amplification” refers to an increase in the number of copies of a gene sequence. There may also be an increase in the RNA and protein made from that gene. Gene amplification is common in cancer cells, and some amplified genes may cause cancer cells to grow or become resistant to anticancer drugs. Gene amplification of oncogens on ecDNA is a frequent event in cancer. Unequal segregation of ecDNA from a parental tumor cell to offspring cells can rapidly increase tumor heterogeneity. The phrase “tumor heterogeneity” refers to differences between cancer cells in a tumor. For example, a tumor may have multiple populations characterized by different genetic variants. Tumor heterogeneity can provide the tumor with an additional array of responses to microenvironment-induced and therapy-induced stress factors. These differences may explain why some tumor cells remain present in a patient after cancer treatment has finished. Reduced tumor heterogeneity leads to improved success with cancer treatments. The term “drug response” as used herein, means any biological response in an organism that is the result of exposure to the drug. Drug responses can be favorable, such as when a patient's disease is eradicated by treatment with the drug, or unfavorable, such as when a patient enters a coma upon treatment with a drug. The phrase “drug resistant tumor” refers to any tumor that retains tumor cells after cancer treatment has finished. A drug resistant tumor may be resistant to a specific treatment, e.g. treatment with an EGFR inhibitor, or may be resistant to multiple forms of treatment. A drug resistant tumor may initially have a favorable response to the drug, however some cells may remain unaffected. Epigenetic state or Epigenetic phenomena, as used herein, means changes produced in gene expression caused by mechanisms other than changes in the underlying DNA sequence. For example, methylation of cytosines (Cs) or histone modifications can affect expression of a gene. These molecular modifications of the DNA are often called “epigenetic marks.” For example, increased or decreased methylation of Cs in a genome are part of normal biology but can also be associated with disease. As used herein, “epigenetic state” refers to a gene or region in a genome that reflects particular epigenetic phenomena. For example, in a particular disease cohort, a gene can be found that causes disease through multiple mechanisms, including, but not limited to, impairment of protein function by a SNV, deletion of the gene via a CNV, little or no expression of the gene due to a change in the epigenetic state of the gene itself and/or regulatory region(s) in the genome controlling expression of the gene. The phrase “histone lysine methyltransferase” or “KMT” refers to a histone-modifying enzyme that catalyzes the transfer of one, two, or three methyl groups to lysine residues of histone proteins. An inhibitor of KTM is, for example, chaetocin, DANep, BIX-01294, EGCG, sinefungin, adenoine dialdehyde, and novobiocin. The phrase “histone lysine demethylase” or “KDM” refers to a histone-modifying enzyme that catalyzes the removal of methyl groups from the lysine residues of histone proteins. Methylated histones can either repress or activate transcription depending on the site of methylation. An inhibitor of KDM is, for example, tranylcyprome, phenelzine, a polyamine analogue, N-oxalyglycine (NOG), disulfuram, ebselen, and an N-oxalyl D-tyrosine derivative. An “inhibitor” (interchangeably termed “antagonist”) of a polypeptide of interest is an agent that interferes with activation or function of the polypeptide of interest, e.g., partially or fully blocks, inhibits, or neutralizes a biological activity mediated by a polypeptide of interest. For example, an antagonist of polypeptide X may refers to any molecule that partially or fully blocks, inhibits, or neutralizes a biological activity mediated by polypeptide X. Examples of inhibitors include antibodies; ligand antibodies; small molecule antagonists; antisense and inhibitory RNA (e.g., siRNA) molecules. The phrase “EGFR inhibitor” refers to any compound natural occurring or synthesized, having the ability of inhibiting EGFR amplification. An EGFR inhibitor is for example, gefitinib, erlotinib, lapatinib, cetuximab, Osimertinib, panitumumab, neratinib, vandetanib, necitumumab, and dacomitinib. The phrase “KDM4 inhibitor” refers to any compound natural occurring or synthesized, having the ability of inhibiting at least one member of the KDM4 family. Examples of KDM4 inhibitors include (R)-2-hydroxyglutaric acid disodium salt; NSC636819; 2,4-PDCA; QC6352; 2-OG, 2-HG, succinate, SAHA(4), NOG(5), PCA(6), 8-QH, CBN207192, CCT1, JIB-04, CBN209350, and QC6352. Other KDM4 inhibitors are known by those skilled in the art. See, e.g., (67-71). The phrase “EZH2 inhibitor” refers to any compound natural occurring or synthesized, having the ability of inhibiting at least one member of the EZH2 family or interfere with EZH2 function. Examples of EZH2 inhibitors include tazmetostat, CPI-0209, GSK2816126 (GSK126), tazemelostat, DS-3201, 3-deazaneplanocin A (DZNep), EPZ00S687, Ei1, GSK343, GSK926, EPZ011989, CPI-1205, CPI-169, ZLD1039, PF-06821497, UNC1999, OR-S1/OR-S2, DS-3201b, DS-3201, SAH-EZH2, Astemizole, Wedelolactone, apomorphine hydrochloride, oxyphenbutazone, nifedipine, ergonovine maleate, Osimertinib (AZD9291), MAK683(EED226), A769662, GNA022, ANCR, FBW7, ZRANB1, OR-S1, OR-S2, and OR-S0. Other EZH2 inhibitors are known by those skilled in the art. See, e.g., (76-79). The phrase “KDM5 inhibitor” refers to any compound natural occurring or synthesized, having the ability of inhibiting at least one member of the KDM5 family. Examples of KDM5 inhibitors include ZINC33576, KDM5-C70, KDM5-C49, KDM5i, CPI-203, CPI-455, CPI-382, CPI-383, CPI-766, YUKA1, CPI-4203, 5-(1-tert-Butyl-1H-pyrazol-4-yl)-6-isopropyl-7-oxo-4,7-dihydropyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidine-β-carbonitrile (KDM5 inhibitor compound 48), KDOAM-20, KDOAM-21, and KDOAMA-25. Other KDM5 inhibitors are known by those skilled in the art. See, e.g., (68, 72-75). Also see for example, G9a/EHMT1(GLP): UNC0638, UNC0642; and GLP inhibitors including 4 (MS0124) and 18 (MS012). Also available are EPZ035544, A-366, and BIX01294. For a further description of these agents, see Wang et al.  Acta Pharmacologica Sinica  II. Materials and Methods The following materials and methods are provided to facilitate the practice of the present invention. Cell Culture Retinal pigment epithelial (RPE) and 293T cells were cultured in DMEM-high glucose (Sigma) media supplemented with 10% heat-inactivated fetal bovine serum (FBS), 100 U/ml penicillin, 100 ug/ml streptomycin, and 2 mM L-glutamine. HCC827 cells (lung adenocarcinoma), HCT-15 (colorectal adenocarcinoma) and HT-29 (colorectal adenocarcinoma) were cultured in RPMI 1640 Glutamax media (Gibco) supplemented with 10% heat-inactivated FBS, 100U/ml penicillin, 100 ug/ml streptomycin, 1% sodium pyruvate and 1% glucose. Hypoxic Conditions Cells were plated in cell culture dishes and allowed to adhere for 16-20 hours in normoxia (5% CO 2 2 2  2  2  Transfection Procedure Cells were plated in cell culture dishes and allowed to adhere for 16-20 hours. Cell culture medium was removed and cells rinsed with phosphate buffered saline (PBS) prior to siRNA transfections (5 nM-10 nM/transfection) being performed using Lipofectamine 3000 transfection reagent (Life Technologies) in OPTI-MEM medium (Life Technologies). Transfections were changed to complete cell culture media after 4 hr of transfection, and cells were collected 72 hr post transfection. For co-transfection experiments both siRNA sequences were transfected at the same time. For experiments involving hypoxia or drug treatment, cells were exposed to these conditions at least 48 hours post-siRNA transfection. Transient overexpression transfections were performed using Lipofectamine 3000 transfection reagent and P3000 reagent (Life Technologies) in OPTI-MEM medium for 4 hrs, followed by changing to complete media. Silencer select negative controls and siRNAs were purchased from Life Technologies. Their sequences and SEQ ID Nos: are shown in Table 1. At least two different siRNAs against every gene were used for each experiment. Transduction with Histone H3.3 Variants 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 1 
 
 
 siRNA Oligos 
 
 
 siRNA Unique 
 Name siRNA Sequence (SEQ ID No.) Identifier 
 
 EGFR GAAUAGGUAUUGGUGAAUUtt (1) s563 
   
 EGFR CCAUAAAUGCUACGAAUAUtt (2) s564 
   
 KDM4A CUAUGGAAGAGUUCCGAAAtt (3) s18635 
   
 KDM4A GCGACAAUCUUUAUCCUGAtt (4) s18637 
   
 G9A GCUCUAACUGAACAACUAAtt (5) s21469 
   
 G9A CGCUGAUUUUCGAGUGUAAtt (6) s21470 
   
 EHMT1 CAGCUGCAGUAUCUCGGAAtt (7) s36390 
   
 EHMT1 CUCUCACCGUUUCCACAAAtt (8) s36391 
   
 Suv39H1 AGAACAGCUUCGUCAUGGAtt (9) s13658 
   
 Suv39H1 CAAAUCGUGUGGUACAGAAtt (10) s13660 
   
 Suv39H2 GAAUGAGUUUUGUCAUGGAtt (11) s36183 
   
 Suv39H2 GUAUUCGCUUUGCAUCUUUtt (12) s36184 
   
 SETDB1 GGACAAUGCAGGAGAUAGAtt (13) s19110 
   
 SETDB1 CAACCAGACAUAUAGAUCAtt (14) s19111 
   
 EZH2 GCUGACCAUUGGGACAGUAtt (15) s4916 
   
 EZH2 GUGUAUGAGUUUAGAGUCAtt (16) s4917 
   
 KDM5A GGACCGACAUUGGUGUAUAtt (17) s11834 
   
 KDM5A GCGAGUUUGUUGUGACAUUtt (18) s11836 
   
 KDM5B GGCAGUAAAGGAAAUCGAAtt (19) s21145 
   
 KDM5B GGAAGAUCUUGGACUUAUUtt (20) s21146 
   
 KDM5C CAGACGAGAGUGAAACUGAtt (21) s15748 
   
 KDM5C GGAGUUACUCCAUUAACUAtt (22) s15749 
   
 KDM5C CAGAGAAGCUAGACCUGAAtt (23) s15750 
   
 KMT2A GGAGUGUAAUAAGUGCCGAtt (24) s8817 
   
 KMT2A GGUUGCUAUAUGUUCCGAAtt (25) s8818 
   
 SETD1A CAACGACUCAAAGUAUAUAtt (26) s18789 
   
 SETD1A CGCAGUGAGUUUGAACAGAtt (27) sl8790 
   
 SETD1B CGUUCAAGGCUCAACCACAtt (28) s22960 
   
 SETD1B CGGUGGAAAUUGUCGAAGAtt (29) s22961 
 Plasmids for H3.3 wild type (WT), K4M, K9M, K27M and K36M mutants were provided by Peter Lewis (University of Wisconsin). Virus was generated by co-transfection of specific plasmids along with the packaging plasmids (AmphoPAK and VSVG) in 293T cells, using Lipofectamine 3000 transfection reagent (Life Technologies). DNA transfection was performed in Opti-MEM medium (Life Technologies) overnight. The virus containing supernatant was collected after 24 hrs. RPE cells were infected in the presence of 8 mg/ml polybrene for 12 hrs with the viral supernatant (18). Cells were washed two times with DMEM, prior to being cultured in complete medium for 48 hours, before harvesting. For hypoxia, drug or growth factor treatment and overexpression experiments involving H3.3 K4M, RPE cells were infected as described above and cultured for 24 hours post infection before additional treatment (hypoxia, drug or growth factor treatment, or KDM4A transient-overexpression). Cells were harvested 24 hours later. For all experiments involving Histone H3.3 variants, RPE, HT-29 and HCC827 cells were harvested 48 hours after viral infection for western blot, cell cycle profiles and DNA FISH analysis. RNA Extraction and Quantitative Real-Time PCR Cells were washed and collected by trypsinization, followed by washing in PBS two times. Cell pellet was resuspended in Qiazol reagent (QIAGEN) and stored at −80° C. before further processing. Total RNA was extracted using miRNAeasy Mini Kit (QIAGEN) with an on-column DNase digestion according to the manufacturer's instructions. RNA was quantified using NanoDrop 2000 (Thermo Scientific). Single strand cDNA was prepared using Super Script IV first strand synthesis kit (Invitrogen) using random hexamers. Expression levels were analyzed using FastStart Universal SYBR Green Master (ROX) (Roche) according to the manufacturer's instructions on a LightCycler 480 PCR machine (Roche). Samples were normalized to β-actin. Primer sequences are provided in Table 2. 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 2 
 
 
 qPCR Primer Sequences 
 
 
 Primer SEQ ID 
 Identifier Primer Sequence No. 
 
 KDM4A Forward 5′-GCCTCCCACCCTATCCAA-3′ 30 
   
 KDM4A Reverse 5′-TCATCCAGTGTGTATACATCATCTCTC-3′ 31 
   
 KDM4B Forward 5′-GGCCTCAAGTGACGAGGA-3′ 32 
   
 KDM4B Reverse 5′-CTTCCACTGCAGAGACAGCA-3′ 33 
   
 KDM4C Forward 5′-AGCAGCAGTGAAGCTGAGG-3′ 34 
   
 KDM4C Reverse 5′-TGTACTTAAGCAGCTGTTTCCTGA-3′ 35 
   
 KDM4D Forward 5′-AATGGCAGACGTGGTCGT-3′ 36 
   
 KDM4D Reverse 5′-TCTTGGCTGGAGTCTGGAG-3′ 37 
   
 KDM5A Forward 5′-TCAGCACTGATACCCAAACTTC-3′ 38 
   
 KDM5A Reverse 5′-TCACATCTCCAGATTCTGACTGA-3′ 39 
   
 KDM5B Forward 5′-AGCAGACTGGCATCTGTAAGG-3′ 40 
   
 KDM5B Reverse 5′-GAAGTTTATCAACATCACATGCAA-3′ 41 
   
 KDM5C Forward 5′-CGAACGCATTGTTTATCCCTA-3′ 42 
   
 KDM5C Reverse 5′-CGTGTGTTACACTGCACAAGG-3′ 43 
   
 KDM6A Forward 5′-CTGCACAAGTAAAAGCAACTGTC-3′ 44 
   
 KDM6A Reverse 5′-CTTTTGGAGATACTGAATAGCATAGC-3′ 45 
   
 KDM6B Forward 5′-ACCCTCGAAATCCCATCAC-3′ 46 
   
 KDM6B Reverse 5′-GTGTTCGCCACTCGCTTC-3′ 47 
   
 KMT2A Forward 5′-GACAGTGTGCGTTATGTTTGACT-3′ 48 
   
 KMT2A Reverse 5′-TGGCCAATATATATAGTAAACGACCA-3′ 49 
   
 KMT2B Forward 5′-GGAGGAAGCAGCAAGCAGTA-3′ 50 
   
 KMT2B Reverse 5′-GCTCAGGTTTGGGGATTGT-3′ 51 
   
 KMT2C Forward 5′-CCACGAAAACAAAGAGGACAG-3′ 52 
   
 KMT2C Reverse 5′-TGGGTGCTTACACTTACACAAGAT-3′ 53 
   
 KMT2D Forward 5′-ATCCTGGAGACACCCATCAG-3′ 54 
   
 KMT2D Reverse 5′-GACAGGCTCAGGGTCAGTG-3′ 55 
   
 SETDIA Forward 5′-GCGGTCAGAGAACAGCTACC-3′ 56 
   
 SETD1A Reverse 5′-GGAGGCTGAAGATGCAGAGA-3′ 57 
   
 SETD1B Forward 5′-CAAGTTCACGGACGCCTAC-3′ 58 
   
 SETD1B Reverse 5′-CCGCGGGAGAATTGTGTA-3′ 59 
   
 G9A Forward 5′-TGGGAAAGGTGACCTCAGAT-3′ 60 
   
 G9A Reverse 5′-GGGCAGAACCTAACTCCTCTG-3′ 61 
   
 EHMT1 Forward 5′-GCCAAAGAGGTGACGATAGC-3′ 62 
   
 EHMT1 Reverse 5′-ACTGCCCGTTGTGGTGTC-3′ 63 
   
 Suv39H1 Forward 5′-GTCATGGAGTACGTGGGAGAG-3′ 64 
   
 Suv39H1 Reverse 5′-CCTGACGGTCGTAGATCTGG-3′ 65 
   
 Suv39H2 Forward 5′-TCTTTCAAAAATGTTGTCCTGCT-3′ 66 
   
 Suv39H2 Reverse 5′-AGGTGGGATTTTAATTTGTTGG-3′ 67 
   
 SETDB1 Forward 5′-GCTTCCCCTTCCCTCTTTC-3′ 68 
   
 SETDB1 Reverse 5′-GGGAAGACATGCTTTTGTCCT-3′ 69 
   
 EZH2 Forward 5′-TGGGACCAAAACATGTAGACAG-3′ 70 
   
 EZH2 Reverse 5′-TTCCTTGGAGGAGTATCCACA-3′ 71 
   
 EGFR Forward 5′-GATACAGCTCAGACCCCACAG-3′ 72 
   
 EGFR Reverse 5′-TTTTGGGAACGGACTGGTT-3′ 73 
   
 Actin Forward 5′-AGGCCAACCGCGAGAAG-3′ 74 
   
 Actin Reverse 5′-ACAGCCTGGATAGCAACGTACAT-3′ 75 
 Immunoblotting Cells were trypsinized and washed two times with PBS before resuspending in RIPA lysis buffer [50 mM Tris pH 7.4, 150 mM NaCl, 0.25% Sodium Deoxycholate, 1% NP40, 1 mM EDTA, 10% Glycerol] freshly supplemented with protease inhibitor and PhosSTOP phosphatase inhibitor cocktails (Roche). Cells were lysed on ice for 15 min and stored at −80° C. until further processing. Lysates were sonicated for 15 min (30 sec ON and 30 sec OFF cycle) at 70% amplitude in QSonica Q700 sonicator (Qsonica) followed by centrifugation at 12,000 rpm for 15 min. Cell lysate was transferred to a fresh tube and protein estimations were performed with Pierce BCA reagent (Thermo Scientific). Equal amounts of proteins were separated by SDS gel electrophoresis and transferred on nitrocellulose membrane (BioTrace NT, Pall Life Sciences) for at least 3 hr at a constant current. The membranes were blocked for at least 1 hr in 5% BSA-PBST (1×PBS with 0.5% Tween-20) or 5% milk-PBST and probed over night with specific antibodies as follows at the following dilutions: anti-GFP (Neuro mAb) (1:100); anti-β-Actin (1:10,000); anti-KDM4A (Neuro mAb) (1:100); anti-Flag (Sigma Aldrich) (1:500); anti-KDMSA (abcam) (1:500); anti-HALO (Promega) (1:1000); anti-Carbonic Anhydrase IX (Abcam) (1:1000). Membranes were washed three times in PBST the next day, incubated with goat anti-mouse IgG peroxidase conjugated secondary antibody (170-6516, Biorad) or goat anti-rabbit peroxidase conjugated secondary antibody (A00167, GenScript) at 1:2500 in 5% milk-PBST for at least 1 hr at room temperature, washed 3 times with PBST and incubated in Lumi-Light western blotting substrate (12015200001, Roche) or SuperSignal West Pico PLUS Chemiluminiscent substrate (34577, ThermoScientific) for 2-4 min(s). Membranes were developed with Lumi-Film Chemiluminiscent detection film (11666657001, Roche). The western blot images displayed in the figures have been cropped and autocontrasted. Cell Cycle Analysis Samples were washed with PBS, centrifuged at 1400 rpm for 5 min, and permeabilized with 500 mL PBS containing 0.5% Triton X-100 for 30 min. After this incubation, cells were washed with PBS and centrifuged at 1400 rpm for 5 min. Samples were then stained with 1:100 dilutions of 1 mg/mL PI solution and 0.5M EDTA with 100 mg RNase A, overnight at 4° C. Cell cycle distribution was analysed by flow cytometry using the LSRII flow cytometry system (BD Biosciences). DNA Fluorescent In Situ Hybridization (FISH) The FISH protocol was performed as described previously in Black et al. (2013). Briefly, cell suspensions were fixed in ice-cold methanol:glacial acetic acid (3:1) solution for a minimum of four hours, before being spun onto 8 Chamber Polystyrene vessel tissue culture treated glass slides (Falcon, Fisher Scientific), using a centrifuge at 900 rpm. The slides were air-dried and incubated in 2×SSC buffer for 2 min, followed by serial ethanol dilution (70%, 85% and 100%) incubations for 2 min each, for a total of 6 min. Air-dried slides were hybridized with probes that were diluted in appropriate buffer overnight at 37° C., following a 4 minute incubation on a heat block at 78° C. The slides were washed the next day for 3 to 4 mins in appropriate wash buffers at 69° C. with 0.4×SSC for Cytocell probes or commercially available Agilent wash buffer 1 followed by washing in 2×SSC with 0.05% Tween-20 (Cytocell probes) or commercially available Agilent wash buffer 2 (Agilent probes). The slides were incubated in 1 mg/mL DAPI solution made in 1% BSA-PBS, followed by a final 1×PBS wash. After the wash, the slides were mounted with ProLong Gold antifade reagent (Invitrogen). FISH images were acquired using an Olympus IX81 or Olympus IX83 spinning disk microscope at 40× magnification and analyzed using Slidebook 6.0 softwares. A minimum of 25 z-planes with 0.5 um step size was acquired for each field. Copy number gains for EGFR, 7 centromere (7C), 7p telomere (7p22.3), IKZF1 (7p12.2) and 8 centromere (8C) were scored in RPE cells as three or more foci. A minimum of 100 nuclei are scored for each independent experiment. HCC827 cells have many EGFR amplifications that present as large EGFR amplification clouds (42). Therefore, the length of the EGFR DNA amplification cloud(s) was measured at its longest point, using the measuring tool within the Slidebook software. If multiple amplification clouds were present in a single nucleus, each cloud was measured. Each measurement was plotted and comparisons made between the overall size of the amplification cloud (um) in cells treated with siRNA to KDM4A, an inhibitor to the KDM4 family or transduced with either H3.3 WT or K4M. The analysis represents data from more than 400 nuclei from two-independent experiments with two different siRNAs to KDM4A, or across three independent experiments for the KDM4 inhibitor treatment and H3.3 transduction experiments. Each treatment condition is compared to either a non-targeting siRNA control or a DMSO vehicle control. Lapatinib Treatment Control or stable KDM4A overexpression RPE cells were plated in 24 well tissue culture plates at a density of 5×10 3 FIG.  4 Gefitinib Treatment Control or stable KDM4A overexpression RPE cells were plated in 24 well tissue culture plates at a density of 8×10 3 FIG.  4 Cell Proliferation Assay Control, KDM4A overexpression or wild type parental RPE cells were plated at a density of 5×10 3  For siRNA conditions, parental RPE cells were plated in 10 cm tissue culture plates at a density of 3×10 5 3 Scratch Assay Control or stable KDM4A overexpression RPE cells were plated in 6 well tissue culture plates at a density of 2×10 5 H3.3 WT Vs K4M with EGF Treatment Human recombinant EGF was added to histone H3.3 WT or K4M expressing RPE cells, 24 hours after viral transduction. Cells were cultured in EGF for 24 hours before harvesting for RNA, protein, cell cycle and DNA FISH analysis. HCC827 KDM4 Inhibitor Treatment HCC827 cells were treated at approximately 80% confluency with KDM4 inhibitor at a final concentration of 5 nM for 48 hours before being harvested for RNA, protein and DNA FISH analysis. For hypoxia, EGF and KDM5i combinatorial experiments, RPE cells were pre-treated with 1 nM of KDM4 inhibitor exactly 24 hours prior to hypoxic exposure or EGF treatment. Immediately before transferring cells to hypoxia, or before drug or growth factor treatment, KDM4 inhibitor was supplemented to cells again at a concentration of 1 nM (double spike). Cells were then cultured in the respective conditions for 24 hours prior to harvesting for RNA, protein, cell cycle and DNA FISH analysis. KDM5 Inhibitor Treatment RPE cells were treated with KDM5 inhibitor (C70) at a final concentration of 1 μM for a total treatment time of 48 hours. For experiments involving combination treatment with KDM4i, cells are pre-treated with KDM4i (1 nM) for 24 hours. After this 24 hour treatment, KDM5 inhibitor is supplemented along with an additional dose of KDM4 inhibitor at doses of 1 μM and 1 nM, respectively. Cells are harvested 48 hours after combination treatment. For experiments involving combinations of KDM5 inhibitor and hypoxic exposure, RPE cells are treated with 1 μM KDM5 inhibitor for 24 hours. After this 24 hour treatment, cells are transferred to hypoxic conditions (1% 02) for an additional 24 hours prior to harvesting for RNA, protein, cell cycle and DNA FISH analysis. KDM5i and Gefitinib Combinatorial Treatment Parental RPE cells are plated in 24 well tissue culture plates, in triplicate at a density of 5×10 3 EZH2 Inhibitor Treatment Parental RPE cells were treated with 1, 3 or 5 μM of EZH2 inhibitor for a total treatment duration of 72 hours before being harvested for RNA, protein, cell cycle and DNA FISH analysis. HT-29 and HCT-15 cells were treated with 3 μM EZH2i for 48 hours before being harvested for RNA, protein, cell cycle and DNA FISH analysis. EZH2i+EGF Growth Assay Parental RPE cells were plated in 24 well tissue culture plates, in triplicate at a density of 5×10 3 EZH2i and H3.3 WT vs K4M Parental RPE cells were virally transduced with either histone H3.3 wild type or K4M constructs, as previously described. 24 hours after viral transduction, EZH2 inhibitor was supplemented to cells at a final concentration of 3 μM. Cells were treated under these conditions for 24 hours, followed by harvesting for RNA, protein, cell cycle and DNA FISH analysis. EZH2i+Hypoxia Parental RPE cells were pre-treated with EZH2 inhibitor at a final concentration of 3 μM for 24 hours, prior to being transferred to hypoxic conditions for an additional 24 hours. Cells were then harvested and processed for RNA, protein, cell cycle and DNA FISH analysis. RNA-Sequencing Cells were incubated with Hoechst 33342 (ThermoFisher Scientific H3570) at 1/1000 directly into the media for 1 h at 37° C. degrees. Cells were then trypsinized and resuspended in media containing Hoechst at 1/1000. Cells were sorted with a BD FACS Fusion using the laser BV421-A into Qiazol, based on DNA content. Late S phase RNA was purified from cells using the Qiagen miRNeasy kit including a DNAse treatment. Total RNA sequencing libraries were prepped using the TruSeq Stranded Total RNA Sample Preparation with Ribo-Zero kit (Illumina). Libraries were paired-end sequenced (150 cycles each way) using a NextSeq500 (Illumina). STAR (59) aligner was used to map sequencing reads to transcripts in human hg19 reference genome. Read counts for individual transcripts were produced with HTseq-count (60), followed by the estimation of expression values and detection of differentially expressed transcripts using edgeR (61). ChIP-Sequencing Cells were incubated with Hoechst 33342 (ThermoFisher Scientific H3570) at 1/1000 directly into the media for 1 h at 37° C. degrees. Cells were then trypsinized and resuspended in media containing Hoechst at 1/1000 before crosslinking with 1% formaldehyde for 13 min at 37° C. degrees and quenching with 0.125M glycine. Cells were washed with 1×PBS and resuspended in media containing Hoechst ( 1/1000). Cells were sorted with a BD FACS Fusion using the laser BV421-A based on DNA content. For siKDM5A ChIP, cells were harvested as previously described (10,18). Sonication of chromatin was done with the Qsonica Q800R2 system (Qsonica). 0.5-10 ug of chromatin were used based on DNA content (nanodrop concentrations) with the following antibodies: H3K4mel (Abcam ab8895), H3K4me2 (Abcam ab32356), H3K4me3 (Millipore 07-473), H3K9mel (Abcam ab8896-100), H3K9me2 (Abcam ab1220), H3K9me3 (Abcam ab8898). ChIP sequencing libraries were prepped using the TruSeq ChIP Sample Preparation kit (Illumina). Libraries were single-end sequenced (75 cycles) using a NextSeq500 (Illumina). ChIP-Seq Analysis ChIP-seq data for the cells with KDM4A overexpression and the corresponding controls were based on merged samples for multiple points of cell cycle. Datasets for MLL knockdown (GSE81795) (49) and EZH2 knockdown samples (50) with their respective controls were retrieved from GEO. Sequencing reads were aligned against the human hg19 reference genome using BWA (62). Alignments were filtered for uniquely mapped reads and duplicates were removed. Input-normalized ratio coverage tracks were generated using Deeptools (63). The ENCODE ChIP-seq data on histone modification enrichment were downloaded from the ENCODE website (found on the world wide web at encodeproject.org). These data were normalized by the ENCODE pipeline (64). Other public ChIP-seq datasets were downloaded as fastq files from GEO (GSE64243, GSE118954, GSE81795) (65), followed by mapping to the hg19 reference genome using BWA (66) and the generation of input-normalized coverage tracks using Deeptools (63). EGFR Copy Number and Expression Analysis Data from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) was obtained from the Broad Institute's Genomic Data Analysis Center (GDAC) Firehose (found on the world wide web at gdac.broadinstitute.org). A set of 7069 tumors spanning 21 tumor types was analyzed. Expression values for EGFR were extracted from the database, in units of transcripts per million (TPM). Copy number values for EGFR were also extracted from the database.  FIG.  1 Statistical Analysis All pairwise comparisons were done using two-tailed Student's t-test unless otherwise stated. Significance was determined if the p value was <0.05. All FISH experiments were carried out with at least two independent siRNAs unless otherwise stated and at least 100 nuclei per replicate per experiment were counted for all the FISH studies conducted. All error bars represent the SEM. The following examples are provided to illustrate certain embodiments of the invention. They are not intended to limit the invention in any way. III. Example 1 K9 and K27 Methylation Interference Promotes EGFR Amplification Previous analysis demonstrated that up to 54% of primary tumors across the pancancer TCGA dataset harbour EGFR amplifications of which some were shown to harbour extrachromosomal amplification (10,11). To further explore EGFR amplification heterogeneity across and within tumors, we assessed the range of EGFR DNA copy gains and the associated EGFR RNA expression levels in each of the tumors in the pancancer TCGA dataset (7069 samples;  FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 Since there is a range of EGFR DNA copy gains across tumors ( FIG.  1 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 Individually H3.3 K9M and H3.3 K27M resulted in significant increases in EGFR DNA copy number, without changing the copy number of chromosome 7 and 8 centromeres (7C and 8C, respectively;  FIG.  1 1 FIG.  1 FIG.  2 FIG.  1 FIG.  2 FIGS.  1 1 FIG.  1 Consistent with these observations, our ChIP-sequencing (ChIP-seq) coupled with publicly available Hi-C data in RPE cells (32) suggest that the genomic vicinity of the EGFR locus has a specific chromosome structure and pattern of chromatin modifications ( FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 At a larger scale, the EGFR-containing domain, together with the adjacent H3K27me3-enriched boundary regions and two other interaction domains to the 3′ of EGFR are part of ˜1 megabase (Mb) region that is flanked on both sides by wide areas of H3K9me3 enrichment ( FIG.  1 FIGS.  1 1 FIG.  1 1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 1 KDM4A Overexpression Promotes EGFR Copy Number Gains The KDM4 family of histone lysine demethylases catalyze H3K9 and K36 demethylation (37,38). In addition, this enzyme family directly regulates DNA amplifications associated with H3K9 and K36 demethylation (10,18). Therefore, we tested whether overexpression of the KDM4 family of enzymes could phenocopy the increase in EGFR copy number observed upon H3K9 methylation interference. The GFP-tagged KDM4 family members were transiently overexpressed for 24 hours followed by DNA FISH analysis for EGFR DNA copy number ( FIG.  3 3 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 FIG.  3 3 FIG.  4 4 FIG.  3 3 FIG.  4 4 FIG.  3 10 18 Consistent with these findings, analysis of available KDM4A ChIP-seq data (40) revealed that KDM4A was enriched across the EGFR locus between the H3K9me3 blocks (1.6 Mb;  FIG.  4 FIG.  4 4 Since KDM4A overexpression promoted EGFR copy gains and increased RNA expression, we assessed the impact that KDM4A overexpression had on EGFR inhibitor sensitivity. We observed increased sensitivity to both Lapatinib and Gefitinib in KDM4A overexpressing cells when compared to control cells ( FIG.  4 4 FIG.  4 4 FIG.  3 FIG.  4 FIG.  3 Since EGFR amplifications are observed in lung tumors (10,22) and cancer cell lines (i.e., HCC827; (41,42)), we tested whether KDM4A could be contributing to the observed EGFR amplifications in lung cancer cells. We used both KDM4A siRNA depletion and chemical inhibition (KDM4i (QC6352); (43)) of the KDM4 family to assess the impact of KDM4A on EGFR amplification. Specifically, we used DNA FISH to test whether the classically used EGFR amplified HCC827 lung cancer cells would have reduced amplifications upon KDM4A depletion or inhibition. HCC827 cells, in addition to exhibiting extensive EGFR amplification, have an acquired activating mutation within the EGFR tyrosine kinase domain (Exon 19 deletion) (41). As previously noted, HCC827 cells had very high EGFR DNA amplification levels that form large EGFR gene cluster clouds ( FIG.  5 FIG.  5 5 FIG.  6 6 FIG.  5 5 FIG.  5 H3K9 KMTs Regulate EGFR Copy Number Since K9 methylation interference and catalytically active KDM4A overexpression promoted EGFR amplification, we tested whether each of the H3K9 lysine methyltransferases (K9 KMT) were equally capable of inhibiting EGFR copy gains or whether there was enzyme specificity. Specifically, RPE cells were siRNA depleted with at least two independent siRNAs for each K9 KMT. The knockdowns were confirmed and cell cycle profiles were generated for each siRNA, which ensures no overt arrests occurred, and in turn, interfere with EGFR copy gains ( FIG.  7 7 FIG.  8 FIG.  8 EZH2 and KDM6 Enzymes Regulate EGFR Copy Number In addition to H3K9 methylation interference causing EGFR amplification, we also observed that H3K27 methylation interference increased EGFR copy number ( FIG.  1 1 FIG.  8 FIG.  1 1 FIG.  1 Using two independent siRNAs against EZH2 in RPE cells, we observed a significant increase in EGFR copy number while not changing copy number of other chr7 regions ( FIG.  8 FIG.  7 7 FIG.  8 8 FIG.  11 11 FIG.  7 7 FIG.  8 FIG.  7 FIG.  8 FIG.  1 1 FIG.  8 FIGS.  8 7 7 FIG.  8 Since EZH2 inhibition promoted EGFR amplification and increased expression levels, we tested whether cells treated with the EZH2i or EZH2 siRNA depletion would respond differently to EGF supplementation. Specifically, cells were pre-treated with EZH2 inhibitor for 24 hours or depleted with two independent EZH2 siRNAs in order to promote increases in EGFR copy number before being supplemented with DMSO or EGF. Both EZH2 inhibitor and EZH2 siRNA treated cells demonstrated a significantly increased proliferation in response to exogenous supplementation with EGF compared to DMSO-treated cells ( FIG.  8 8 FIG.  8 FIG.  7 FIG.  7 7 H3K4 and H3K27 Methylation Controls EGFR Amplification In a recent study, we demonstrated that H3K4 methylation enrichment at specific genomic loci was sufficient to recruit KDM4 family members to chromatin, and in turn, promote copy number gains on chromosome 1 (e.g., 1q12h and 1p32.3; (10)). Upon evaluating H3K4mel/2/3 across the EGFR locus, we observed an inverse relationship between H3K4 methylation states and H3K27me3, which appears to flank the regions containing H3K4 methylation ( FIG.  8 FIG.  9 FIG.  10 10 FIG.  8 Since H3K4 methylation is key to KDM4A binding and copy gain generation at other specific sites in the genome (10,18), we also tested whether H3K4M would block KDM4A promoted EGFR copy gains. Indeed, H3K4M blocked KDM4A driven EGFR amplification ( FIG.  9 FIG.  10 10 FIG.  5 FIG.  9 9 FIG.  10 10 FIG.  4 FIG.  9 H3K4 KMTs were recently shown to be important in controlling the predilection of regions to amplify downstream of KDM4 members. For example, overexpression of each KMT2 family member promoted copy gains of specific chromosome 1 TSSG loci (10). Therefore, we overexpressed each H3K4 KMT (MLL1/KMT2A, MLL2/KMT2B, MLL4/KMT2D, SETD1A and SETD1B; (47)) to determine whether all or select KMTs promote EGFR amplification ( FIG.  10 10 FIG.  9 FIG.  9 FIG.  10 10 Since specific H3K4 KMTs controlled EGFR amplification, we tested whether the same was true for the H3K4 KDMs. The KDM5 enzymes are H3K4 tri-demethylases and have been shown to impact other TSSG sites (10). Depletion of the H3K4 tri-demethylases will increase H3K4 methylation, thereby promoting copy gains of EGFR if copy gains of this locus are indeed dependent on H3K4 methylation. Therefore, we depleted each KDM5 member with at least two independent siRNAs before conducting cell cycle profiles and EGFR FISH ( FIG.  10 10 FIG.  9 FIG.  10 10 FIG.  9 FIG.  9 FIG.  9 FIG.  9 9 FIG.  9 Our studies suggest that promoting H3K4 methylation through KDM5A depletion or inhibition would promote EGFR amplification through KDM4A. First, we evaluated the impact of KDM5 inhibitor (KDM5i) treatment on EGFR amplification (KDM5i-C70; (51,52)). KDM5i treatment promoted EGFR copy gains, however, they returned to baseline upon KDM5i washout ( FIG.  9 FIG.  10 FIG.  9 9 FIG.  10 10 FIG.  9 9 Having therapeutic control of key growth factor receptors could have a profound impact on the ability to control cell proliferation and drug response when delivering inhibitors. Therefore, we tested whether KDM5i would alter cell proliferation when treated with supplemental EGF. Consistent with the previous experiments demonstrating that factors promoting EGFR copy gains increased EGF associated proliferation, KDM5i increased cell proliferation with supplemented EGF when compared to KDM5i alone ( FIG.  9 FIG.  9 FIG.  10 FIG.  9 Hypoxia and Epidermal Growth Factor Induce EGFR Amplification Previous work from our laboratory demonstrated that hypoxia directly promoted TSSG formation of chromosome 1 associated loci (e.g., 1q12h) via stabilization of the KDM4A protein, through reduced association with the SKP1-Cull-F-box (SCF) ubiquitin ligase complex (17). Consistent with this previous observation, 24 hours of exposure to hypoxia was able to stabilize KDM4A in RPE cells ( FIGS.  11 11 FIGS.  11 11 FIGS.  12 12 FIGS.  11 11 FIG.  11 FIG.  12 FIG.  11 FIGS.  12 12 FIG.  12 While investigating hypoxia modulation of EGFR amplification, we also tested whether EGF supplementation would impact EGFR copy gains. A recent report demonstrated that cancer cells with EGFR amplification required EGF supplementation in the media to propagate the copy gains, which raised the possibility that EGF could directly promote EGFR copy gains (54). Consistent with this possibility, we demonstrated that treating cells for 24 hours with 50 ng/ml EGF, the preferred ligand of EGFR, results in significant copy number gains of the EGFR locus ( FIG.  11 11 FIG.  11 11 FIG.  12 12 FIG.  11 FIG.  14 Given the importance of H3K4 methylation in targeting KDM4A so that TSSGs occur, we hypothesized that EGF was promoting the TSSGs via the H3K4 KMTs, and in turn, H3K4 methylation. Therefore, we first tested whether H3K4M would block EGF-induced EGFR copy gains. We observed that expression of the methyl-deficient H3K4M mutant was sufficient to block these growth factor-induced copy gains ( FIG.  11 FIG.  12 12 FIG.  9 FIG.  12 12 FIG.  11 FIG.  12 Epigenetic Dysregulation Combined with Hypoxia or Increased EGF Induce Higher EGFR Copy Number We have identified a network of chromatin regulators and physiological signals that influence EGFR copy gains. In the case of hypoxia, KDM4A stabilization mirrors overexpression and promotes EGFR amplification, while EGF appears to promote EGFR amplification through KMT2A/SETD1A and targeting KDM4A ( FIG.  12 FIG.  13 FIG.  14 FIG.  13 13 FIG.  14 FIG.  13 13 13 FIG.  9 9 FIG.  14 14 Taken together, our data supports a model by which physiological triggers such as increased EGF concentration and/or hypoxia function in combination with epigenetic perturbation to directly modulate chromatin states and determine whether site-specific low or high copy DNA amplifications occur. Discussion To date, little knowledge exists about the molecular mechanisms that promote specific oncogene amplifications. We have uncovered epigenetic regulators and physiologic cues that facilitate amplification of the oncogene EGFR. Moreover, we provide show the ability to rheostat an oncogenic amplification through therapeutic intervention. These data illustrate a molecular basis for EGFR amplification and establish that the extra cellular microenvironment can directly contribute to DNA amplification heterogeneity in both normal and tumor cells. Furthermore, we demonstrate that these copy gains are transient and that combined cues and/or epigenetic factor manipulation are sufficient to promote higher copy number amplifications. Overall, we describe a series of key observations that demonstrate oncogenic amplification is hardwired into cells, providing a definable basis for cellular plasticity for EGFR copy number in both normal and cancer cells, which has significant clinical implications. Specificity, Crosstalk and Methylation States Prior studies have illustrated that both somatic and tumor cells have extrachromosomal DNA (ecDNA; (11,55)) with key oncogenes such as MYC and EGFR occurring as ecDNA in as many as 50% of tumors (11). Early studies on extrachromosomal MYC demonstrated that the ecDNA harbored epigenetic states associated with active gene expression (56). Consistent with these observations, a recent study in somatic cells illustrated that ecDNAs were observed in gene-rich chromosomal regions (55), which suggested a relationship between their generation and actively marked loci. Our s evidence shows that by being able to directly promote or block such modifications through manipulation of histones, histone modifying enzymes and their upstream regulators such as hypoxia. The data presented within this manuscript illustrates a critical role for KMT-KDMs in balancing the methylation states controlling the repressive state (H3K9/27 methylation) and more accessible, active states (H3K4 methylation) so that EGFR amplification is either blocked or promoted. Methylation states appear to control the predilection of a region to amplify, however, not all enzymes controlling those states are responsible for generating the EGFR amplifications. For example, KDM4A and KDM5A were the only members within their lysine demethylase enzyme families to promote EGFR. However, the KDM6 family members, KDM6A and KDM6B, were both sufficient to generate EGFR amplification upon overexpression, which suggest that these enzymes could have functional redundancy at this locus in controlling H3K27me3 balance. These data highlight that enzyme families could have unique targets, and in certain cases, overlapping specificity. Similar observations were also true for KMTs targeting H3K4/9 methylation. For example, KMT2A/MLL1, SETD1A and SETD1B promoted EGFR amplification ( FIG.  9 FIG.  1 Data presented here implies that KDM4A utilizes the same mechanism to generate EGFR amplification as other previously mapped regions undergoing copy gains (e.g., 1921.3-CKS1B; (10,17,18)). KDM4A and KDM4B were shown to recruit the replication machinery and facilitate rereplication (10,18). Our previous studies also demonstrated that H3K4 methylation was key to the recruitment of KDM4 family members and the modulation of chromosome 1 targets, which was driven by select H3K4 KMTs (10). These previous studies did not observe a role for H3K27 methylation in controlling the TSSG formation (10,18). However, H3K27me3 was a key modulator of EGFR amplification. Indeed, EZH2 depletion and chemical inhibition promoted EGFR copy gains. EZH2 occupies the blocks of H3K27me3 that flank H3K4 methylation within the EGFR locus. Furthermore, H3K4 methylation interference or depletion of the KMT2 enzymes that control EGFR amplification completely blocked the EGFR copy gains generated by EZH2 suppression or inhibition. These data are consistent with the collection of studies illustrating an antagonistic relationship between these methylation states and the associated enzymes promoting H3K4/27 methylation balance (48). Our data is also consistent with a recent report demonstrating cross-talk between EZH2 and KMT2A disrupts H3K27 methylation balance, resulting in resistance to EZH2i monotherapy (57). Therefore, common principles assigned to gene regulation appear be true for TSSG regulation, which has direct clinical implications. Cues, Epigenetics and Targeting Heterogeneity Previous studies have illustrated EGFR amplification plasticity (12). EGFR copy gains can range from few in number to large clouds in the nuclei of cancer cells (see  FIG.  5 Consistent with the prior body of work suggesting certain extracellular cues (hypoxia and EGF) associate with tumor cells harboring EGFR amplification, we have now demonstrated that these stimuli directly control EGFR DNA copy number ( FIGS.  1 13 EGF treatment does not impact KDM4A levels but rather triggers EGFR amplification through two specific H3K4 KMTs-KMT2A/MLL1 and SETD1A. While both KMT2A and SETD1A controlled EGF-induced copy gains, SETD1B was dispensable, which highlights that enzymes can be selectively required under certain physiological conditions to generate DNA copy gains. Future studies should address whether other cellular signals or stresses could serve as important triggers to selectively activate or repress the enzymes required to generate amplification at EGFR and other TSSG sites. Understanding the triggers for amplifications will provide insights into tumor heterogeneity and uncover novel biomarkers and drug targets in controlling amplification. Consistent with these two pathways (hypoxia and EGF) working in parallel, when hypoxia is combined with KDM4A, there is little change in the low copy number (data not shown); however, when combined with increased H3K4 methylation there are higher copy number gains of EGFR per nucleus. The same is true when EGF is combined with KDM4A overexpression. These data illustrate that combining extracellular cues and epigenetic factor alterations promotes EGFR copy number generation and the degree of amplification. Given the range of EGFR amplification across tumors ( FIG.  1 Data presented within this manuscript is suggestive of two populations of EGFR DNA amplifications. For example, in cancer cell lines which exhibit significant DNA amplification of EGFR (e.g. HCC827 or HT-29 cells), these amplifications are reduced by modulation of K4 methylation via the introduction of a H3.3 K4M methyl-deficient mutant, or inhibition/depletion of KDM4A. However, despite a reduction in EGFR DNA amplification under these conditions, significant levels of EGFR amplification remain. Future studies will need to investigate this in more detail, but these results could indicate a balance between integrated DNA copy number amplification and transient extrachromosomal amplifications of EGFR, the latter of which appears targetable with compounds directed towards epigenetic modifiers. In closing, we have uncovered both chromatin modifiers and extracellular signals that control EGFR amplification and demonstrate that epigenetic therapies could hold a key to modulating EGFR copy number heterogeneity in cancer and associated diseases, which could have significant clinical implications in the future. Example II Clinical Application of Methods for Modulating EGFR Expression Levels for Sensitizing Cancer Cells to EGFR Directed Therapies The results described in Example I elucidating the role methylation plays in EGFR DNA amplification have facilitated the design of strategies for treating the individuals based on the level of EGFR amplification in their particular cancer, and their response to EGFR inhibitors (EGFRi), receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) therapies and related therapies. The effects of different compounds and their effects to modulate EGFRi therapies are summarized in  FIG.  15 FIG.  16 FIG.  5 5 One approach for sensitizing tumors to EGFRi or other related RTK therapies includes without limitation, determining the EGFR copy number by DNA FISH or other suitable method and assessing whether increased expression/amplification is present and modulation of copy numbers is in order. Enhancer of zeste homolog 2 (EZH2) is the enzymatic catalytic subunit of polycomb repressive complex 2 (PRC2) that can alter downstream target genes expression by trimethylation of Lys-27 in histone 3 (H3K27me3). We have found that suppression of EZH2 is effective to increase EGFR amplification. EZH2 inhibitors are available, including the EZH1/2 dual inhibitors or inhibitors that disrupt EZH2 function such as EED inhibitors. An exemplary molecule includes tazemetostat by Epizyme. Tumors can be treated with EZH2 inhibitor for a suitable time to amplify the EGFR copy number above base line, followed by treatment EGFRi or related therapies. This strategy is consistent with the amplification levels we observed and the sensitivities previously shown in the colorectal cancer cell lines in Example I. In a similar fashion, KDM5 family or KDM5A specific inhibitors, which are also available, can be used to increase the gain levels and in turn enhance the therapeutic response to EGFRi. In a similar fashion, tumors with diploid copies should be pretreated and then treated with the EGFRi or related therapies. In certain cases, loss of EGFR DNA copies have been observed in certain tumors ( FIG.  1 16 16 In other aspects of the methods, the levels of the enzymes that promote the amplifications and prevent the amplifications are assessed at the protein, RNA and cellular localization level as this can guide stratification of treatment. Mutational status can optionally be determined as well. For example, if KDM4A expression is observed to be high, this fining correlates with EGFR amplification, and thus the ability to sensitize the tumor cells to EGFRi. In cases where low EZH2 levels are present, or mis-localization or mutations associated with function (direct or indirect of complex members, facilitating activity) are indicative of the suitability of EGFRi or related therapies. Notably, high EZH2 or KDM5A levels are likely to suppress EGFR copy gains and in turn prevent the response in conditions such as hypoxia. Accordingly, targeting these molecules should also promote amplification and sensitization to EGFRi. KMT2A, SETD1A or SETD1B overexpression also promotes EGFR amplification, rendering cells more sensitive to EGFRi. In cases where H3K9 KMT expression levels are reduced, we expect increased EGFR copies and in turn sensitivity of these tumor types to EGFRi or related therapies. Therefore, targeting these H3K9 KMTs (e.g., EHMT1) can be used to amplify EGFR and sensitize tumors. (80) Tumors with very high amplification (e.g., those with >8 copies or clouds measured as described in  FIGS.  1 5 16 16 FIG.  17 In a similar fashion, our data documents the plasticity of EGFR based on hypoxia and/or EGF, therefore, KDM4 family or KDM4A selective inhibitors can be used to reduce the EGFR heterogeneity within a tumor in order to achieve a more consistent response. Thus, in these types of tumors, one can also drive gains even higher through EZH2i or KDM5i in order to sensitize the tumor to drug. REFERENCES 
 
     1. Hanahan D, Weinberg R A. Hallmarks of cancer: the next generation. Cell 2011; 144(5):646-74 doi 10.1016/j.cell.2011.02.013. 2. Mishra S, Whetstine J R. Different Facets of Copy Number Changes: Permanent, Transient, and Adaptive. Mol Cell Biol 2016 doi 10.1128/MCB.00652-15. 3. Diskin S J, Hou C, Glessner J T, Attiyeh E F, Laudenslager M, Bosse K, et al. Copy number variation at 1921.1 associated with neuroblastoma. Nature 2009; 459(7249):987-91 doi 10.1038/nature08035. 4. Fonseca R, Van Wier S A, Chng W J, Ketterling R, Lacy M Q, Dispenzieri A, et al. Prognostic value of chromosome 1q21 gain by fluorescent in situ hybridization and increase CKS1B expression in myeloma. Leukemia 2006; 20(11):2034-40 doi 10.1038/sj.leu.2404403. 5. Goeze A, Schluns K, Wolf G, Thasler Z, Petersen S, Petersen I. Chromosomal imbalances of primary and metastatic lung adenocarcinomas. J Pathol 2002; 196(1):8-16 doi 10.1002/path.1009. 6. Inoue J, Otsuki T, Hirasawa A, Imoto I, Matsuo Y, Shimizu S, et al. Overexpression of PDZK1 within the 112-q22 amplicon is likely to be associated with drug-resistance phenotype in multiple myeloma. The American journal of pathology 2004; 165(1):71-81 doi 10.1016/S0002-9440(10)63276-2. 7. Kudoh K, Takano M, Koshikawa T, Hirai M, Yoshida S, Mano Y, et al. Gains of 1q21-q22 and 13q12-q14 are potential indicators for resistance to cisplatin-based chemotherapy in ovarian cancer patients. Clinical cancer research: an official journal of the American Association for Cancer Research 1999; 5(9):2526-31. 8. Petersen S, Aninat-Meyer M, Schluns K, Gellert K, Dietel M, Petersen I. Chromosomal alterations in the clonal evolution to the metastatic stage of squamous cell carcinomas of the lung. Br J Cancer 2000; 82(1):65-73 doi 10.1054/bjoc.1999.0878. 9. Beroukhim R, Mermel C H, Porter D, Wei G, Raychaudhuri S, Donovan J, et al. The landscape of somatic copy-number alteration across human cancers. Nature 2010; 463(7283):899-905 doi 10.1038/nature08822. 10. Mishra S, Van Rechem C, Pal S, Clarke T L, Chakraborty D, Mahan S D, et al. Cross-talk between Lysine-Modifying Enzymes Controls Site-Specific DNA Amplifications. Cell 2018; 174(4):803-17 e16 doi 100.1016/j.cell.2018.06.018. 11. Turner K M, Deshpande V, Beyter D, Koga T, Rusert J, Lee C, et al. Extrachromosomal oncogene amplification drives tumour evolution and genetic heterogeneity. Nature 2017; 543(7643):122-5 doi 10.1038/nature21356. 12. Nathanson D A, Gini B, Mottahedeh J, Visnyei K, Koga T, Gomez G, et al. Targeted therapy resistance mediated by dynamic regulation of extrachromosomal mutant EGFR DNA. Science 2014; 343(6166):72-6 doi 10.1126/science.1241328. 13. Biedler J L, Spengler B A. A novel chromosome abnormality in human neuroblastoma and antifolate-resistant Chinese hamster cell lives in culture. Journal of the National Cancer Institute 1976; 57(3):683-95. 14. Biedler J L, Spengler B A. Metaphase chromosome anomaly: association with drug resistance and cell-specific products. Science 1976; 191(4223):185-7. 15. Alt F W, Kellems R E, Bertino J R, Schimke R T. Selective multiplication of dihydrofolate reductase genes in methotrexate-resistant variants of cultured murine cells. The Journal of biological chemistry 1978; 253(5):1357-70. 16. Haber D A, Schimke R T. Unstable amplification of an altered dihydrofolate reductase gene associated with double-minute chromosomes. Cell 1981; 26(3 Pt 1):355-62. 17. Black J C, Atabakhsh E, Kim J, Biette K M, Van Rechem C, Ladd B, et al. Hypoxia drives transient site-specific copy gain and drug-resistant gene expression. Genes & development 2015; 29(10):1018-31 doi 10.1101/gad.259796.115. 18. Black J C, Manning A L, Van Rechem C, Kim J, Ladd B, Cho J, et al. KDM4A lysine demethylase induces site-specific copy gain and rereplication of regions amplified in tumors. Cell 2013; 154(3):541-55 doi 10.1016/j.cell.2013.06.051. 19. Black J C, Zhang H, Kim J, Getz G, Whetstine J R. Regulation of Transient Site-specific Copy Gain by microRNA. The Journal of biological chemistry 2016 doi 10.1074/jbc.M115.711648. 20. Black J C, Whetstine J R. Too little O2 Too much gain. Cell cycle 2015; 14(18):2869-70 doi 10.1080/15384101.2015.1076659. 21. Junttila M R, de Sauvage F J. Influence of tumour micro-environment heterogeneity on therapeutic response. Nature 2013; 501(7467):346-54 doi 10.1038/nature12626. 22. Hirsch F R, Varella-Garcia M, Bunn P A, Jr., Di Maria M V, Veve R, Bremmes R M, et al. Epidermal growth factor receptor in non-small-cell lung carcinomas: correlation between gene copy number and protein expression and impact on prognosis. J Clin Oncol 2003; 21(20):3798-807 doi 10.1200/JCO.2003.11.069. 23. Sullivan I, Planchard D. Next-Generation EGFR Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors for Treating EGFR-Mutant Lung Cancer beyond First Line. Front Med (Lausanne) 2016; 3:76 doi 10.3389/fmed.2016.00076. 24. Hirsch F R, Varella-Garcia M, McCoy J, West H, Xavier A C, Gumerlock P, et al. Increased epidermal growth factor receptor gene copy number detected by fluorescence in situ hybridization associates with increased sensitivity to gefitinib in patients with bronchioloalveolar carcinoma subtypes: a Southwest Oncology Group Study. J Clin Oncol 2005; 23(28):6838-45 doi 10.1200/JCO.2005.01.2823. 25. Maron S B, Alpert L, Kwak H A, Lomnicki S, Chase L, Xu D, et al. Targeted Therapies for Targeted Populations: Anti-EGFR Treatment for EGFR-Amplified Gastroesophageal Adenocarcinoma. Cancer Discov 2018; 8(6):696-713 doi 10.1158/2159-8290.CD-17-1260. 26. Huang J, Fan Q, Lu P, Ying J, Ma C, Liu W, et al. Icotinib in Patients with Pretreated Advanced Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma with EGFR Overexpression or EGFR Gene Amplification: A Single-Arm, Multicenter Phase 2 Study. J Thorac Oncol 2016; 11(6):910-7 doi 10.1016/j.jtho.2016.02.020. 27. Luber B, Deplazes J, Keller G, Walch A, Rauser S, Eichmann M, et al. Biomarker analysis of cetuximab plus oxaliplatin/leucovorin/5-fluorouracil in first-line metastatic gastric and oesophago-gastric junction cancer: results from a phase II trial of the Arbeitsgemeinschaft Internistische Onkologie (AIO). BMC Cancer 2011; 11:509 doi 10.1186/1471-2407-11-509. 28. Petty R D, Dahle-Smith A, Stevenson D A J, Osborne A, Massie D, Clark C, et al. Gefitinib and EGFR Gene Copy Number Aberrations in Esophageal Cancer. J Clin Oncol 2017; 35(20):2279-87 doi 10.1200/JCO.2016.70.3934. 29. Herbst R S, Redman M W, Kim E S, Semrad T J, Bazhenova L, Masters G, et al. Cetuximab plus carboplatin and paclitaxel with or without bevacizumab versus carboplatin and paclitaxel with or without bevacizumab in advanced NSCLC (SWOG S0819): a randomised, phase 3 study. Lancet Oncol 2018; 19(1):101-14 doi 10.1016/51470-2045(17)30694-0. 30. Lewis P W, Muller M M, Koletsky M S, Cordero F, Lin S, Banaszynski L A, et al. Inhibition of PRC2 activity by a gain-of-function H3 mutation found in pediatric glioblastoma. Science 2013; 340(6134):857-61 doi 10.1126/science.1232245. 31. Jiang X R, Jimenez G, Chang E, Frolkis M, Kusler B, Sage M, et al. Telomerase expression in human somatic cells does not induce changes associated with a transformed phenotype. Nat Genet 1999; 21(1):111-4 doi 10.1038/5056. 32. Darrow E M, Huntley M H, Dudchenko O, Stamenova E K, Durand N C, Sun Z, et al. Deletion of DXZ4 on the human inactive X chromosome alters higher-order genome architecture. Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 2016; 113(31):E4504-12 doi 10.1073/pnas.1609643113. 33. Kundu S, Ji F, Sunwoo H, Jain G, Lee J T, Sadreyev R I, et al. Polycomb Repressive Complex 1 Generates Discrete Compacted Domains that Change during Differentiation. Mol Cell 2017; 65(3):432-46 e5 doi 10.1016/j.molcel.2017.01.009. 34. Consortium E P. An integrated encyclopedia of DNA elements in the human genome. Nature 2012; 489(7414):57-74 doi 10.1038/nature11247. 35. Rao S S, Huntley M H, Durand N C, Stamenova E K, Bochkov I D, Robinson J T, et al. A 3D map of the human genome at kilobase resolution reveals principles of chromatin looping. Cell 2014; 159(7):1665-80 doi 10.1016/j.cell.2014.11.021. 36. Stafford J M, Lee C H, Voigt P, Descostes N, Saldana-Meyer R, Yu J R, et al. Multiple modes of PRC2 inhibition elicit global chromatin alterations in H3K27M pediatric glioma. Sci Adv 2018; 4(10):eaau5935 doi 10.1126/sciadv.aau5935. 37. Black J C, Van Rechem C, Whetstine J R. Histone lysine methylation dynamics: establishment, regulation, and biological impact. Mol Cell 2012; 48(4):491-507 doi 10.1016/j.molcel.2012.11.006. 38. Whetstine J R, Nottke A, Lan F, Huarte M, Smolikov S, Chen Z, et al. Reversal of histone lysine trimethylation by the JMJD2 family of histone demethylases. Cell 2006; 125(3):467-81 doi 10.1016/j.cell.2006.03.028. 39. Huang Y, Fang J, Bedford M T, Zhang Y, Xu R M. Recognition of histone H3 lysine-4 methylation by the double tudor domain of JMJD2A. Science 2006; 312(5774):748-51 doi 10.1126/science.1125162. 40. Metzger E, Stepputtis S S, Strietz J, Preca B T, Urban S, Willmann D, et al. KDM4 Inhibition Targets Breast Cancer Stem-like Cells. Cancer Res 2017; 77(21):5900-12 doi 10.1158/0008-5472.CAN-17-1754. 41. Amann J, Kalyankrishna S, Massion P P, Ohm J E, Girard L, Shigematsu H, et al. Aberrant epidermal growth factor receptor signaling and enhanced sensitivity to EGFR inhibitors in lung cancer. Cancer Res 2005; 65(1):226-35. 42. Varella-Garcia M. Stratification of non-small cell lung cancer patients for therapy with epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitors: the EGFR fluorescence in situ hybridization assay. Diagn Pathol 2006; 1:19 doi 10.1186/1746-1596-1-19. 43. Chen Y K, Bonaldi T, Cuomo A, Del Rosario J R, Hosfield D J, Kanouni T, et al. Design of KDM4 Inhibitors with Antiproliferative Effects in Cancer Models. ACS Med Chem Lett 2017; 8(8):869-74 doi 10.1021/acsmedchemlett.7b00220. 44. Egan B, Yuan C C, Craske M L, Labhart P, Guler G D, Arnott D, et al. An Alternative Approach to ChIP-Seq Normalization Enables Detection of Genome-Wide Changes in Histone H3 Lysine 27 Trimethylation upon EZH2 Inhibition. PLoS One 2016; 11(11):e0166438 doi 10.1371/journal.pone.0166438. 45. Yang X, Li F, Konze K D, Meslamani J, Ma A, Brown P J, et al. Structure-Activity Relationship Studies for Enhancer of Zeste Homologue 2 (EZH2) and Enhancer of Zeste Homologue 1 (EZH1) Inhibitors. J Med Chem 2016; 59(16):7617-33 doi 10.1021/acs.jmedchem.6b00855. 46. Katona B W, Liu Y, Ma A, Jin J, Hua X. EZH2 inhibition enhances the efficacy of an EGFR inhibitor in suppressing colon cancer cells. Cancer Biol Ther 2014; 15(12):1677-87 doi 10.4161/15384047.2014.972776. 47. Shilatifard A. The COMPASS family of histone H3K4 methylases: mechanisms of regulation in development and disease pathogenesis. Annu Rev Biochem 2012; 81:65-95 doi 10.1146/annurev-biochem-051710-134100. 48. Schuettengruber B, Bourbon H M, Di Croce L, Cavalli G. Genome Regulation by Polycomb and Trithorax: 70 Years and Counting. Cell 2017; 171(1):34-57 doi 10.1016/j.cell.2017.08.002. 49. Rickels R, Hu D, Collings C K, Woodfin A R, Piunti A, Mohan M, et al. An Evolutionary Conserved Epigenetic Mark of Polycomb Response Elements Implemented by Trx/MLL/COMPASS. Mol Cell 2016; 63(2):318-28 doi 10.1016/j.molcel.2016.06.018. 50. Koubi M, Poplineau M, Vernerey J, N′Guyen L, Tiberi G, Garciaz S, et al. Regulation of the positive transcriptional effect of PLZF through a non-canonical EZH2 activity. Nucleic Acids Res 2018; 46(7):3339-50 doi 10.1093/nar/gky080. 51. Johansson C, Velupillai S, Tumber A, Szykowska A, Hookway E S, Nowak R P, et al. Structural analysis of human KDM5B guides histone demethylase inhibitor development. Nat Chem Biol 2016; 12(7):539-45 doi 10.1038/nchembio.2087. 52. Horton J R, Liu X, Gale M, Wu L, Shanks J R, Zhang X, et al. Structural Basis for KDM5A Histone Lysine Demethylase Inhibition by Diverse Compounds. Cell Chem Biol 2016; 23(7):769-81 doi 10.1016/j.chembiol.2016.06.006. 53. Sharma S V, Lee D Y, Li B, Quinlan M P, Takahashi F, Maheswaran S, et al. A chromatin-mediated reversible drug-tolerant state in cancer cell subpopulations. Cell 2010; 141(1):69-80 doi 10.1016/j.cell.2010.02.027. 54. William D, Mokri P, Lamp N, Linnebacher M, Classen C F, Erbersdobler A, et al. Amplification of the EGFR gene can be maintained and modulated by variation of EGF concentrations in in vitro models of glioblastoma multiforme. PLoS One 2017; 12(9):e0185208 doi 10.1371/journal.pone.0185208. 55. Moller H D, Mohiyuddin M, Prada-Luengo I, Sailani M R, Halling J F, Plomgaard P, et al. Circular DNA elements of chromosomal origin are common in healthy human somatic tissue. Nat Commun 2018; 9(1):1069 doi 10.1038/s41467-018-03369-8. 56. Smith G, Taylor-Kashton C, Dushnicky L, Symons S, Wright J, Mai S. c-Myc-induced extrachromosomal elements carry active chromatin. Neoplasia 2003; 5(2):110-20. 57. Huang X, Yan J, Zhang M, Wang Y, Chen Y, Fu X, et al. Targeting Epigenetic Crosstalk as a Therapeutic Strategy for EZH2-Aberrant Solid Tumors. Cell 2018; 175(1):186-99 e19 doi 10.1016/j.cell.2018.08.058. 58. Nukaga S, Yasuda H, Tsuchihara K, Hamamoto J, Masuzawa K, Kawada I, et al. Amplification of EGFR Wild-Type Alleles in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Cells Confers Acquired Resistance to Mutation-Selective EGFR Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors. Cancer Res 2017; 77(8):2078-89 doi 10.1158/0008-5472.CAN-16-2359. 59. Dobin A, Davis C A, Schlesinger F, Drenkow J, Zaleski C, Jha S, et al. STAR: ultrafast universal RNA-seq aligner. Bioinformatics 2013; 29(1):15-21 doi 10.1093/bioinformatics/bts635. 60. Anders S, Pyl P T, Huber W. HTSeq—a Python framework to work with high-throughput sequencing data. Bioinformatics 2015; 31(2):166-9 doi 10.1093/bioinformatics/btu638. 61. Robinson M D, McCarthy D J, Smyth G K. edgeR: a Bioconductor package for differential expression analysis of digital gene expression data. Bioinformatics 2010; 26(1):139-40 doi 10.1093/bioinformatics/btp616. 62. Li H, Durbin R. Fast and accurate long-read alignment with Burrows-Wheeler transform. Bioinformatics 2010; 26(5):589-95 doi 10.1093/bioinformatics/btp698. 63. Ramirez F, Ryan D P, Gruning B, Bhardwaj V, Kilpert F, Richter A S, et al. deepTools2: a next generation web server for deep-sequencing data analysis. Nucleic Acids Res 2016; 44(W1):W160-5 doi 10.1093/nar/gkw257. 64. Consortium E P. The ENCODE (ENCyclopedia Of DNA Elements) Project. Science 2004; 306(5696):636-40 doi 10.1126/science.1105136. 65. Edgar R, Domrachev M, Lash A E. Gene Expression Omnibus: NCBI gene expression and hybridization array data repository. Nucleic Acids Res 2002; 30(1):207-10 doi 10.1093/nar/30.1.207. 66. Li H, Durbin R. Fast and accurate short read alignment with Burrows-Wheeler transform. Bioinformatics 2009; 25(14):1754-60 doi 10.1093/bioinformatics/btp324. 67. Young K. Chen et al. ACS Medicinal Chemistry Letters 2017 8 (8), 869-874 DOI: 10.1021/acsmedchemlett.7b00220 68. Lin H, et al. Small molecule KDM4s inhibitors as anti-cancer agents. J Enzyme Inhib Med Chem. 2018; 33(1):777-793. doi:10.1080/14756366.2018.1455676 69. International Patent Application No. PCT/US2018/024624. 70. Eric Metzger et al. KDM4 Inhibition Targets Breast Cancer Stem-like Cells. Cancer Res; 77(21) Nov. 1, 2017. doi: 10.1158/0008-5472.CAN-17-1754 71. Chen Y K, Bonaldi T, Cuomo A, et al. Design of KDM4 Inhibitors with Antiproliferative Effects in Cancer Models. ACS Med Chem Lett. 2017; 8(8):869-874. Published 2017 Jul. 27. doi:10.1021/acsmedchemlett.7b00220 72. International Patent Application No. PCT/US2014/029432. 73. Vinogradova, M., Gehling, V., Gustafson, A. et al. An inhibitor of KDM5 demethylases reduces survival of drug-tolerant cancer cells. Nat Chem Biol 12, 531-538 (2016). https://doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.2085. 74. Leadem B R, Kagiampakis I, Wilson C, et al. A KDM5 Inhibitor Increases Global H3K4 Trimethylation Occupancy and Enhances the Biological Efficacy of 5-Aza-2′-Deoxycytidine. Cancer Res. 2018; 78(5):1127-1139. doi:10.1158/0008-5472.CAN-17-1453. 75. Yang G J, Ko C N, Zhong H J, Leung C H, Ma D L. Structure-Based Discovery of a Selective KDM5A Inhibitor that Exhibits Anti-Cancer Activity via Inducing Cell Cycle Arrest and Senescence in Breast Cancer Cell Lines. Cancers (Basel). 2019; 11(1):92. Published 2019 Jan. 15. doi:10.3390/cancers11010092 76. Honma D, Kanno O, Watanabe J, et al. Novel orally bioavailable EZH1/2 dual inhibitors with greater antitumor efficacy than an EZH2 selective inhibitor. Cancer Sci. 2017; 108(10):2069-2078. doi:10.1111/cas.13326 77. Duan, R., Du, W. & Guo, W. EZH2: a novel target for cancer treatment. J Hematol Oncol 13, 104 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1186/s13045-020-00937-8 78. Yap T A, Winter J N, Giulino-Roth L, et al. Phase I Study of the Novel Enhancer of Zeste Homolog 2 (EZH2) Inhibitor GSK2816126 in Patients with Advanced Hematologic and Solid Tumors. Clin Cancer Res. 2019; 25(24):7331-7339. doi:10.1158/1078-0432.CCR-18-4121 79. Yap T A, et al. A Phase I Study of GSK2816126, an Enhancer of Zeste Homolog 2(EZH2) Inhibitor, in Patients (pts) with Relapsed/Refractory Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma (DLBCL), Other Non-Hodgkin Lymphomas (NHL), Transformed Follicular Lymphoma (tFL), Solid Tumors and Multiple Myeloma (MM). Blood 2016; 128 (22): 4203. doi: https://doi.org/10.1182/blood.V128.22.4203.4203 80. Currently being assessed. Clinical trial available on the world wide web at clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT04067336 While certain features of the invention have been described herein, many modifications, substitutions, changes, and equivalents will now occur to those of ordinary skill in the art. It is, therefore, to be understood that the appended claims are intended to cover all such modifications and changes as fall within the true spirit of the invention. 
 
 1 a) contacting a tumor comprising altered EGFR copy numbers with an agent that modulates amplification of EGFR to a level which sensitizes cells in said tumor to EGFR inhibitors; and b) administering to said subject an EGFRi, thereby reducing tumor cell proliferation or inducing tumor cell killing which exceeds that observed in tumor cells not treated with the agent of step a). 
 2 claim 1 
 3 claim 1 
 4 claim 3 
 5 claim 4 
 6 claim 1 
 7 claim 1 
 8 claim 1 
 9 claim 1 
 10 claim 9 
 11 claim 1 
 12 claim 11 
 13 claim 12 
 14 a) reducing EGFR amplification levels via administration at least one KDM4 inhibitor and b) treating said tumor with an EGFR inhibitor, wherein administration of said KDM4 inhibitor reduces tumor heterogeneity of EGFR copy number and said EGFR inhibitor is gefinitnib or lapatnib. 
 15 claim 14 
 16 claim 14 
 17 claim 14 
 18 claim 14 
 19 a) contacting said heterogeneous tumor comprising elevated EGFR copy numbers with an agent which reduces amplification of EGFR to a level which sensitizes said cells to an EGFR inhibitor, or b) contacting said heterogeneous tumor comprising low EGFR copy numbers with an agent which increases amplification of EGFR copy number to a level which sensitizes said cells to an EGFR inhibitor, wherein the contact of step a) or b) increases the homogeneity of EGFR expression levels throughout the tumor; and c) treating said tumor with an EGFR inhibitor, said increase in tumor homogeneity and sensitization to said EGFR inhibitor reducing tumor cell proliferation or inducing tumor cell killing which exceeds that observed in tumor cells not treated with the agent of either step a) or step b). 
 20 claim 1 
 Compositions and methods for regulating EGFR amplification in cancer are disclosed.


 FIELD OF THE INVENTION The invention is in the field of oncology. More particularly, the invention relates to methods and compositions to treat Chronic MyeloMonocytic Leukemia (CMML). BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION Most human adult cancers develop through a multistep acquisition of a wide range of somatic mutations that initiate or maintain self-renewal of the malignant clone. The last decade has seen the elucidation of the somatic mutational landscape of many solid tumors and hematologic malignancies (1, 2). These mutations are referenced in the Catalog of Somatic Mutations In Cancer (COSMIC) and The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA), and may provide potential novel insights into mechanisms underlying cancer. In myeloid malignancies, hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells (HSPCs) acquire specific combinations of leukemia disease alleles required to promote hematopoietic transformation (3, 4). Recent studies have shown that mutations in a small number of genes, including loss-of-function mutations in TET2 are common in the elderly and provide a proliferative advantage to hematopoietic stem cells giving rise to clonal hematopoiesis (5). Clonal hematopoiesis mutations are associated with about a 10-fold increase in risk of developing a hematological malignancy including myeloproliferative disorders and leukemias and a 2-3-fold risk of developing atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Increased high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels are well known to be associated with a reduced risk of cardio vascular diseases (CVD). Interestingly, a recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of lipid-altering therapies revealed that for every 10 mg/dL increase in plasma HDL-cholesterol level among trial participants, there was a 36% lower risk of cancer incidence during >625,000 person-years of follow-up and >8,000 incident cancers (6). While not establishing causation, this association suggests that HDL may be linked to tumor cell biology in humans. The ability of HDL and its apolipoproteins to promote efflux of cholesterol from cells depends in part on the ATP-binding cassette transporters ABCA1 and ABCG1 but can also be mediated by scavenger receptor B1 and passive efflux pathways (7). Mice with defective cholesterol efflux in hematopoietic cells develop progressive myeloid expansion with an underlying dramatic HSPC expansion in the BM, an enhanced IL-3/GM-CSF signaling pathway and marked extramedullary hematopoiesis (13-16). We also demonstrated that HDL raising therapies could limit Mp1-W515L and Flt3-ITD-driven myeloproliferative disorders (17). Chronic Myelomonocytic Leukemia (CMML) is typically a disease of the elderly with few treatment options. Recent studies in CMML patients have shown changes reminiscent of those observed in mice with defective cholesterol efflux in hematopoietic cells including: 1) frequently mutated tumor suppressor genes encoding regulators of GM-CSF signaling (RAS, CBL), 2) hypersensitivity of myeloid progenitor to GM-CSF and 3) a proportion of ‘classical’ CD14+CD16− monocytes >94% (18). In addition, these patients often have mutations in genes associated with clonal hematopoiesis including TET2 and ASXL1. Accordingly, there is a need to understand the role of defective cholesterol efflux in hematopoietic cell, identify new biomarkers and new therapeutically tools to treat CMML. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The invention relates to a method for predicting the survival time of a subject suffering from chronic myelomonocytic leukemia (CMML) comprising the steps of i) identifying at least one mutation in ATP-binding cassette A1 (ABCA1) at gene, ARN or protein level in a biological sample obtained from the subject; and ii) concluding that the subject will have a short survival time when at least one mutation in ABCA1 at gene, ARN or protein level is identified or concluding that the subject will have a long survival time when any mutation is not identified in ABCA1 at gene, ARN or protein level. In particular, the present invention is defined by the claims. DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION Inventors have identified five somatic missense mutations in ABCA1 in 26 patients with CMML. These mutations conferred a proliferative advantage to monocytic leukemia cell lines in vitro. In vivo inactivation of ABCA1 or expression of ABCA1 mutants in hematopoietic cells in the setting of Tet2 loss (which commonly occurs in hematological malignancies including CMML) demonstrated a myelo-suppressive function of ABCA1 that limited the development of a fully penetrant myeloproliferative disorder. Mechanistically, ABCA1 mutations impaired the tumor suppressor functions of WT ABCA1 in myelomonocytic leukemia by increasing the IL3-receptor beta canonical pathway signaling via MAPK and JAK2 and subsequent metabolic reprogramming. Overexpression of a human apolipoprotein A-1 transgene to promote cholesterol efflux dampened myeloproliferation. These findings identify novel somatic mutations in ABCA1 that subvert its anti-proliferative and cholesterol efflux functions and permit the progression of CMML. Therapeutic increases in HDL bypassed these defects and restored normal hematopoiesis. Accordingly, in a first aspect, the invention relates to a method for diagnosing a chronic myelomonocytic leukemia (CMML) in a subject, wherein said method comprising a step of detecting a mutation in a in ATP-binding cassette A1 (ABCA1) gene, ARN or protein level in a biological sample obtained from said subject, wherein the presence of a mutation is indicative of a CMML. In a second aspect, the invention relates to a method for predicting the survival time of a subject suffering from chronic myelomonocytic leukemia (CMML) comprising the steps of i) identifying at least one mutation in ATP-binding cassette A1 (ABCA1) at gene, ARN or protein level in a biological sample obtained from the subject; and ii) concluding that the subject will have a short survival time when at least one mutation in ABCA1 is identified or concluding that the subject will have a long survival time when any mutation is not identified in ABCA1. As used herein, the term “predicting” means that the subject to be analyzed by the method of the invention is allocated either into the group of subjects who will have or develop chronic myelomonocytic leukemia (CMML) or into a group of subjects who will not have or develop CMML. Having or developing CMML referred to in accordance with the invention, particularly, means that the subject will have higher risk to have or develop CMML. Typically, said risk is elevated as compared to the average risk in a cohort of subjects suffering from CMML. In the context of the invention, the risk of having the CMML in a subject susceptible to suffer from CMML be predicted. The term “predicting the risk”, as used herein, refers to assessing the probability according to which the patient as referred to herein will have or develop CMML. As will be understood by those skilled in the art, such an assessment is usually not intended to be correct for 100% of the subjects to be investigated. The term, however, requires that prediction can be made for a statistically significant portion of subjects in a proper and correct manner. Whether a portion is statistically significant can be determined without further ado by the person skilled in the art using various well known statistic evaluation tools, e.g., determination of confidence intervals, p-value determination, Student's t-test, Mann-Whitney test etc. Details are found in Dowdy and Wearden, Statistics for Research, John Wiley & Sons, New York 1983. Preferred confidence intervals are at least 90%, at least 95%, at least 97%, at least 98% or at least 99%. The p-values are, preferably, 0.1, 0.05, 0.01, 0.005, or 0.0001. Preferably, the probability envisaged by the invention allows that the prediction of an increased risk will be correct for at least 60%, at least 70%, at least 80%), or at least 90% of the subjects of a given cohort or population. As used herein, the term “subject” denotes a mammal, such as a rodent, a feline, a canine, and a primate. Particularly, the subject according to the invention is a human. More particularly, the subject according to the invention has or is susceptible to have chronic myelomonocytic leukemia (CMML). As used herein, the term “Chronic myelomonocytic leukaemia (CMML)” is a type of leukemia, which are cancers of the blood-forming cells of the bone marrow. It is a rare disorder with an estimated incidence of 1 case per 100 000 persons per year. Median age at presentation is 70 years, and presenting manifestations may include those of bone marrow failure and systemic symptoms. Hepatomegaly and splenomegaly are found in some patients, and the white blood cell count is typically increased. CMML was reclassified by the World Health Organization (WHO) as a myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative neoplasm (MDS/MPN) (Jaffe et al., 2001) As used herein, the term “ABCA1” also known as the cholesterol efflux regulatory protein (CERP) is a protein which in humans is encoded by the ABCA1 gene. ABCA1 refers to ATP-binding cassette A1 and is a major regulator of cellular cholesterol and phospholipid homeostasis. The naturally occurring murin ABCA1 gene has a nucleotide sequence as shown in Genbank Accession numbers NM_013454. The naturally occurring human ABCA1 protein has an aminoacid sequence as shown in Genbank Accession numbers NP_038482. The naturally occurring human ABCA1 gene has a nucleotide sequence as shown in Genbank Accession numbers NM_005502. The naturally occurring human ABCA1 protein has an aminoacid sequence as shown in Genbank Accession numbers NP_005493. As used herein, the term “gene” has its general meaning in the art and refers to means a DNA sequence that codes for or corresponds to a particular sequence of amino acids which comprise all or part of one or more proteins or enzymes, and may or may not include regulatory DNA sequences, such as promoter sequences, which determine for example the conditions under which the gene is expressed. As used herein the “allele” has its general meaning in the art and refers to an alternative form of a gene (one member of a pair) that is located at a specific position on a specific chromosome which, when translated result in functional or dysfunctional (including nonexistent) gene products. As used herein, the term “protein” has its general meaning in the art and refers to one or more long chains of amino acid residues which comprise all or part of one or more proteins or enzymes. Typically, ABCA1 protein mediates the efflux of cholesterol and phospholipids to lipid-poor apolipoproteins (apo-A1 and apoE), which then form nascent high-density lipoproteins (HDL). As used herein, the term “biological sample” refers to any sample obtained from a subject, such as a serum sample, a plasma sample, a urine sample, a blood sample, a lymph sample, bone marrow sample, or a tissue biopsy. In a particular embodiment, biological sample for the determination of an expression level include samples such as a blood sample or a urine sample, lymph sample, or a biopsy. In a particular embodiment, the biological sample is a tissue biopsy. In a particular embodiment, the biological sample is a bone marrow sample. In a particular embodiment, the biological sample is a blood sample, more particularly, peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC). Typically, these cells can be extracted from whole blood using Ficoll, a hydrophilic polysaccharide that separates layers of blood, with the PBMC forming a cell ring under a layer of plasma. Additionally, PBMC can be extracted from whole blood using a hypotonic lysis, which will preferentially lyse red blood cells. Such procedures are known to the experts in the art. Inventors have shown that five somatic missense mutations in ABCA1 in 26 patients with CM ML leading to ABCA1-P711L, ABCA1-A1291T, ABCA1-G1421R, ABCA1-P1423S and ABCA1-A2011T. These mutations displayed reductions in anti-proliferative activity, compared to ABCA1-WT. In a particular embodiment, the method according to the invention, wherein the mutations are located within the coding region of the ABCA1 gene. In a particular embodiment, the method according to the invention, wherein the mutation is ABCA1-P711L in the ABCA1 protein. In a particular embodiment, the method according to the invention, wherein the mutation is ABCA1-A1291T in the ABCA1 protein. In a particular embodiment, the method according to the invention, wherein the mutation is ABCA1-G1421R in the ABCA1 protein. In a particular embodiment, the method according to the invention, wherein the mutation is ABCA1-P1423S in the ABCA1 protein. In a particular embodiment, the method according to the invention, wherein the mutation is ABCA1-A2011T in the ABCA1 protein. In a particularly embodiment, the 5 mutations as described above are identified simultaneously, separately or sequentially in a biological sample. In a particular embodiment, the invention relates to a method for diagnosing a chronic myelomonocytic leukemia (CMML) in a subject, said method comprising a step of detecting a ABCA1-P711L, ABCA1-A1291T, ABCA1-G1421R, ABCA1-P1423S and/or ABCA1-A2011T mutation in a in ATP-binding cassette A1 (ABCA1) gene, ARN or protein level in a biological sample obtained from said subject, wherein the presence of a mutation is indicative of a CMML. In further embodiment, the invention relates to a method for predicting the survival time of a subject suffering from chronic myelomonocytic leukemia (CMML) comprising the steps of i) identifying ABCA1-P711L, ABCA1-A1291T, ABCA1-G1421R, ABCA1-P1423S and/or ABCA1-A2011T mutation in ATP-binding cassette A1 (ABCA1) at protein level in a biological sample obtained from the subject; and ii) concluding that the subject will have a short survival time when at least one mutation in ABCA1 is identified or concluding that the subject will have a long survival time when any mutation is identified in ABCA1. Accordingly, the present invention also relates to a method for predicting the risk of having or developing CMML in a subject in need thereof, comprising the step of detecting ABCA1 single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) in a biological sample obtained from said subject. In a further aspect, the present invention relates to a method for predicting the risk of having or developing CMML in a subject in need thereof, comprising the step of determining the expression level of mutants ABCA1 and/or detecting ABCA1 SNP in a biological sample obtained from said subject. In a particular embodiment, the invention relates to a method for predicting the risk of having or developing CMML in a subject in need thereof, comprising the steps of: i) determining the expression level of mutants ABCA1 protein and/or detecting ABCA1 SNP in a biological sample obtained from said subject, ii) comparing the expression level determined at step i) with a predetermined reference value and iii) concluding that the subject is at risk of having or developing CMML when the expression level determined at step i) is lower than the predetermined reference value and/or when the ABCA1 SNP is detected, or concluding that the patient is not at risk of having or developing CMML when the expression level determined at step i) is higher than the predetermined reference value and/or when the ABCA1 SNP is not detected. In a particular embodiment, the method according to the invention, further comprising the steps of: i) identifying at least one mutation in the ABCA1 gene and/or protein; ii) concluding that the subject is at risk of having or developing CMML when at least one mutation is identified. In a particular embodiment, the method according to the invention, further comprising the steps of: i) identifying at least one mutation in the ABCA1 gene and/or protein; ii) concluding that the subject is susceptible to have or having a short survival time when at least one mutation is identified. As used herein, the term “mutation” has its general meaning in the art and refers to any detectable change in genetic material, e.g. DNA, RNA, cDNA, or any process, mechanism, or result of such a change. This includes gene mutations, in which the structure (e.g. DNA sequence) of a gene is altered, any gene or DNA arising from any mutation process, and any expression product (e.g. protein or enzyme) expressed by a modified gene or DNA sequence. Mutations include deletion, insertion or substitution of one or more nucleotides. The mutation may occur in the coding region of a gene (i.e. in exons), in introns, or in the regulatory regions (e.g. enhancers, response elements, suppressors, signal sequences, polyadenylation sequences, promoters) of the gene. Generally a mutation is identified in a subject by comparing the sequence of a nucleic acid or polypeptide expressed by said subject with the corresponding nucleic acid or polypeptide expressed in a control population. Where the mutation is within the gene coding sequence, the mutation may be a “missense” mutation, where it replaces one amino acid with another in the gene product, or a “non sense” mutation, where it replaces an amino acid codon with a stop codon. A mutation may also occur in a splicing site where it creates or destroys signals for exon-intron splicing and thereby lead to a gene product of altered structure. A mutation in the genetic material may also be “silent”, i.e. the mutation does not result in an alteration of the amino acid sequence of the expression product. As used herein, the term “homozygous” refers to an individual possessing two copies of the same allele. As used herein, the term “homozygous mutant” refers to an individual possessing two copies of the same allele, such allele being characterized as the mutant form of a gene. As used herein, the term “heterozygous” refers to an individual possessing two different alleles of the same gene, i.e. an individual possessing two different copies of an allele, such alleles are characterized as mutant forms of a gene. In a particular embodiment, the mutation allows to a truncated protein. Typically, truncated protein refers to a protein shortened by a mutation which specifically induces premature termination of messenger RNA translation. As used herein, the term “single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP)” refers to is a single basepair variation in a nucleic acid sequence of ABCA1 gene. Polymorphisms can be referred to, for instance, by the nucleotide position at which the variation exists, by the change in amino acid sequence caused by the nucleotide variation, or by a change in some other characteristic of the nucleic acid molecule that is linked to the variation {e.g., an alteration of a secondary structure such as a stem-loop, or an alteration of the binding affinity of the nucleic acid for associated molecules, such as polymerases, RNases, and so forth). For example, the SNP in the context of the invention is missense mutation leading to the ABCA1-P711L, ABCA1-A1291T, ABCA1-G1421R, ABCA1-P1423S and ABCA1-A2011T in ABCA1. In the methods according to the present the invention, the presence or absence of a SNP can be determined by nucleic acid sequencing, PCR analysis or any genotyping method known in the art such as the method described in the example. Examples of such methods include, but are not limited to, chemical assays such as allele specific hybridization (DASH), pyrosequencing, molecular beacons, SNP microarrays, restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP), flap endonuclease (FEN), single strand conformation polymorphism, temperature gradient gel electrophoresis (TGGE), denaturing high performance liquid chromatography (DHPLC), high-resolution melting of the entire amplicon, and DNA mismatch-binding proteins. primer extension, allele specific oligonucleotide ligation, sequencing, enzymatic cleavage, flap endonuclease discrimination; and detection methods such as fluorescence, chemiluminescence, and mass spectrometry. For example, the presence or absence of said polymorphism may be detected in a DNA sample, preferably after amplification. For instance, the isolated DNA may be subjected to couple reverse transcription and amplification, such as reverse transcription and amplification by polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), using specific oligonucleotide primers that are specific for the polymorphism or that enable amplification of a region containing the polymorphism. According to a first alternative, conditions for primer annealing may be chosen to ensure specific reverse transcription (where appropriate) and amplification; so that the appearance of an amplification product be a diagnostic of the presence of the polymorphism according to the invention. Otherwise, DNA may be amplified, after which a mutated site may be detected in the amplified sequence by hybridization with a suitable probe or by direct sequencing, or any other appropriate method known in the art. Currently numerous strategies for genotype analysis are available (Antonarakis et al., 1989; Cooper et al., 1991; Grompe, 1993). Briefly, the nucleic acid molecule may be tested for the presence or absence of a restriction site. When a base polymorphism creates or abolishes the recognition site of a restriction enzyme, this allows a simple direct PCR genotype the polymorphism. Further strategies include, but are not limited to, direct sequencing, restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) analysis; hybridization with allele-specific oligonucleotides (ASO) that are short synthetic probes which hybridize only to a perfectly matched sequence under suitably stringent hybridization conditions; allele specific PCR; PCR using mutagenic primers; ligase-PCR, HOT cleavage; denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis (DGGE), temperature denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis (TGGE), single-stranded conformational polymorphism (SSCP) and denaturing high performance liquid chromatography (Kuklin et al., 1997). Direct sequencing may be accomplished by any method, including without limitation chemical sequencing, using the Maxam-Gilbert method; by enzymatic sequencing, using the Sanger method; mass spectrometry sequencing; pyrosequencing; sequencing using a chip-based technology and real-time quantitative PCR. Preferably, DNA from a patient is first subjected to amplification by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) using specific amplification primers. However several other methods are available, allowing DNA to be studied independently of PCR, such as the rolling circle amplification (RCA), the InvaderTMassay, or oligonucleotide ligation assay (OLA). OLA may be used for revealing base polymorphisms. According to this method, two oligonucleotides are constructed that hybridize to adjacent sequences in the target nucleic acid, with the join sited at the position of the polymorphism. DNA ligase will covalently join the two oligonucleotides only if they are perfectly hybridized to one of the allele. Oligonucleotide probes or primers may contain at least 10, 15, 20 or 30 nucleotides. Their length may be shorter than 400, 300, 200 or 100 nucleotides. According to the invention, the determination of the presence or absence of said SNP may also be determined by detection or not of the mutated protein by any method known in the art. The presence of the protein of interest may be detected using standard electrophoretic and immunodiagnostic techniques, including immunoassays such as competition, direct reaction, or sandwich type assays. Such assays include, but are not limited to, Western blots; agglutination tests; enzyme-labelled and mediated immunoassays, such as ELISAs; biotin/avidin type assays; radioimmunoassays; immunoelectrophoresis; immunoprecipitation, etc. The reactions generally include revealing labels such as fluorescent, chemiluminescent, radioactive, enzymatic labels or dye molecules, or other methods for detecting the formation of a complex between the antigen and the antibody or antibodies reacted therewith. Labels are known in the art that generally provide (either directly or indirectly) a signal. As used herein, the term “labelled” with regard to the antibody or aptamer, is intended to encompass direct labelling of the antibody or aptamer by coupling (i.e., physically linking) a detectable substance, such as a radioactive agent or a fluorophore (e.g. fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC) or phycoerythrin (PE) or indocyanine (Cy5), to the antibody or aptamer, as well as indirect labelling of the probe or antibody (e.g., horseradish peroxidise, HRP) by reactivity with a detectable substance. An antibody or aptamer may be also labelled with a radioactive molecule by any method known in the art. For example, radioactive molecules include but are not limited radioactive atom for scintigraphic studies such as 1123, 1124, In111, Re186 and Re188. The aforementioned assays generally involve separation of unbound protein in a liquid phase from a solid phase support to which antigen-antibody complexes are bound. Solid supports which may be used in the practice of the invention include substrates such as nitrocellulose (e.g., in membrane or microtiter well form); polyvinylchloride (e.g., sheets or microtiter wells); polystyrene latex (e.g., beads or microtiter plates); polyvinylidine fluoride; diazotized paper; nylon membranes; activated beads, magnetically responsive beads, etc. More particularly, an ELISA method may be used, wherein the wells of a microtiter plate are coated with an antibody against the protein to be tested. A biological sample containing or suspected of containing the marker protein is then added to the coated wells. After a period of incubation sufficient to allow the formation of antibody-antigen complexes, the plate (s) can be washed to remove unbound moieties and a detectably labelled secondary binding molecule added. The secondary binding molecule is allowed to react with any captured sample marker protein, the plate washed and the presence of the secondary binding molecule detected using methods well known in the art. Alternatively, an immunohistochemistry (IHC) method may be used. IHC specifically provides a method of detecting a target in a biological sample or tissue specimen in situ. The overall cellular integrity of the sample is maintained in IHC, thus allowing detection of both the presence and location of the target of interest. Typically a biological sample is fixed with formalin, embedded in paraffin and cut into sections for staining and subsequent inspection by light microscopy. Current methods of IHC use either direct labeling or secondary antibody-based or hapten-based labeling. Examples of known IHC systems include, for example, EnVision™ (DakoCytomation), Powervision® (Immunovision, Springdale, Ariz.), the NBA™ kit (Zymed Laboratories Inc., South San Francisco, Calif.), HistoFine® (Nichirei Corp, Tokyo, Japan). In one embodiment of the present invention, direct sequencing of the whole genome is used to detect the SNP locus ABCA1. The whole genome sequencing may be achieved by use of the next generation sequencing (NGS) assay. In NGS, a single genomic DNA is first fragmented into a library of small segments that can be uniformly and accurately sequenced in millions of parallel reactions. The newly identified strings of bases, called reads, are then reassembled using a known reference genome as a scaffold (resequencing), or in the absence of a reference genome (de novo sequencing). The full set of aligned reads would reveal the entire sequence of each chromosome of the genomic DNA. In another embodiment of the present invention, primer extension assay is used to detect the SNP locus ABCA1. The primer extension assay may be achieved by use of Matrix assisted laser desorption ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF MS). Mass spectrometry is an experimental technique used to identify the components of a heterogeneous collection of biomolecules, by sensitive discrimination of their molecular masses. In MALTI-TOF MS, the sample to be analyzed is placed in a UV-absorbing matrix pad and exposed to a short laser pulse. The ionized molecules are accelerated off the matrix pad (i.e., desorption) and move into an electric field towards a detector. The “time of flight” required to reach the detector depends on the mass/charge (m/z) ratio of the individual molecules. To use MALTI-TOF MS for DNA sequencing, the DNA sequence to be sampled is first transcribed into RNA in vitro in 4 separate reactions, each with three rNTP bases and one specific dNTP. The incorporated dNTP in the transcribed RNA will prevent cleavage from occurring at that dNTP position by RNAse, and therefore generate distinct fragments. Each fragment has a characteristic m/z ratio that appears as a peak in MALTI-TOF spectrum. The MALTI-TOF mass signal pattern obtained for the DNA sample is then compared with the expected m/z spectrum of the reference sequence, which includes the products of all 4 cleavage reactions. Any SNP differences between the sample DNA and the reference DNA sequences will produce predictable shifts in the spectrum, and their exact nature can be deduced. In still another embodiment of the present invention, quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) is used to detect the desired SNP locus. In qPCR, DNA sample that includes the SNP locus is amplified and simultaneously detected and quantitated with different primer sets that target each allele separately. Well-designed primers will amplify their target SNP at a much earlier cycle than the other SNPs. This allows more than two alleles to be distinguished, although an individual qPCR reaction is required for each SNP. To achieve high enough specificity, the primer sequence may require placement of an artificial mismatch near its 3′-end, which is an approach generally known as Taq-MAMA. This artificial mismatch induces a much greater amplification delay for non-target alleles than a single mismatch would alone, yet does not substantially affect amplification of the target SNP. In still another embodiment of the present invention, the SNP locus is detected by direct sequencing of a specified DNA segment containing the SNP locus of ABCA1. As used herein, the term “expression level” refers to the expression level of ABCA1 with further other values corresponding to the clinical parameters. Typically, the expression level of the gene may be determined by any technology known by a person skilled in the art. In particular, each gene expression level may be measured at the genomic and/or nucleic and/or protein level. In a particular embodiment, the expression level of ABCA1 gene is measured. The expression level of ABCA1 is assessed by analyzing the expression of the protein translated from said gene. Said analysis can be assessed using an antibody (e.g., a radio-labelled, chromophore-labelled, fluorophore-labelled, or enzyme-labelled antibody), an antibody derivative (e.g., an antibody conjugate with a substrate or with the protein or ligand of a protein of a protein/ligand pair (e.g., biotin-streptavidin)), or an antibody fragment (e.g., a single-chain antibody, an isolated antibody hypervariable domain, etc.) which binds specifically to the protein translated from the gene encoding for ABCA1. Methods for measuring the expression level of ABCA1 in a sample may be assessed by any of a wide variety of well-known methods from one of skill in the art for detecting expression of a protein including, but not limited to, direct methods like mass spectrometry-based quantification methods, protein microarray methods, enzyme immunoassay (EIA), radioimmunoassay (MA), Immunohistochemistry (IHC), Western blot analysis, ELISA, Luminex, ELISPOT and enzyme linked immunosorbent assay and indirect methods based on detecting expression of corresponding messenger ribonucleic acids (mRNAs). The mRNA expression profile may be determined by any technology known by a man skilled in the art. In particular, each mRNA expression level may be measured using any technology known by a man skilled in the art, including nucleic microarrays, quantitative Polymerase Chain Reaction (qPCR), next generation sequencing and hybridization with a labelled probe. Said direct analysis can be assessed by contacting the sample with a binding partner capable of selectively interacting with the biomarker present in the sample. The binding partner may be an antibody that may be polyclonal or monoclonal, preferably monoclonal (e.g., a isotope-label, element-label, radio-labelled, chromophore-labelled, fluorophore-labelled, or enzyme-labelled antibody), an antibody derivative (e.g., an antibody conjugate with a substrate or with the protein or ligand of a protein of a protein/ligand pair (e.g., biotin-streptavidin)), or an antibody fragment (e.g., a single-chain antibody, an isolated antibody hypervariable domain, etc.) which binds specifically to the protein translated from the gene encoding for the biomarker of the invention. In another embodiment, the binding partner may be an aptamer. The binding partners of the invention such as antibodies or aptamers, may be labelled with a detectable molecule or substance, such as an isotope, an element, a fluorescent molecule, a radioactive molecule or any others labels known in the art. Labels are known in the art that generally provide (either directly or indirectly) a signal. As used herein, the term “labelled”, with regard to the antibody, is intended to encompass direct labelling of the antibody or aptamer by coupling (i.e., physically linking) a detectable substance, such as an isotope, an element, a radioactive agent or a fluorophore (e.g. fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC) or phycoerythrin (PE) or Indocyanine (Cy5)) to the antibody or aptamer, as well as indirect labelling of the probe or antibody by reactivity with a detectable substance. An antibody or aptamer of the invention may be produced with a specific isotope or a radioactive molecule by any method known in the art. For example radioactive molecules include but are not limited to radioactive atom for scintigraphy studies such as 1123, 1124, In111, Re186, Re188, specific isotopes include but are not limited to 13C, 15N, 1261, 79Br, 81Br. The aforementioned assays generally involve the binding of the binding partner (ie. antibody or aptamer) to a solid support. Solid supports which can be used in the practice of the invention include substrates such as nitrocellulose (e. g., in membrane or microtiter well form); polyvinylchloride (e. g., sheets or microtiter wells); polystyrene latex (e.g., beads or microtiter plates); polyvinylidene fluoride; diazotized paper; nylon membranes; activated beads, magnetically responsive beads, silicon wafers. In a particular embodiment, an ELISA method can be used, wherein the wells of a microtiter plate are coated with a set of antibodies which recognize ABCA1 protein. A sample containing or suspected of containing said biomarker is then added to the coated wells. After a period of incubation sufficient to allow the formation of antibody-antigen complexes, the plate(s) can be washed to remove unbound moieties and a detectably labelled secondary binding molecule added. The secondary binding molecule is allowed to react with any captured sample marker protein, the plate washed and the presence of the secondary binding molecule detected using methods well known in the art such as Singulex, Quanterix, MSD, Bioscale, Cytof. In one embodiment, an Enzyme-linked immunospot (ELISpot) method may be used. Typically, the sample is transferred to a plate which has been coated with the desired anti-ABCA1 protein capture antibodies. Revelation is carried out with biotinylated secondary Abs and standard colorimetric or fluorimetric detection methods such as streptavidin-alkaline phosphatase and NBT-BCIP and the spots counted. In one embodiment, when multi-biomarker expression measurement is required, use of beads bearing binding partners of interest may be preferred. In a particular embodiment, the bead may be a cytometric bead for use in flow cytometry. Such beads may for example correspond to BD™ Cytometric Beads commercialized by BD Biosciences (San Jose, Calif.). Typically cytometric beads may be suitable for preparing a multiplexed bead assay. A multiplexed bead assay, such as, for example, the BD™ Cytometric Bead Array, is a series of spectrally discrete beads that can be used to capture and quantify soluble antigens. Typically, beads are labelled with one or more spectrally distinct fluorescent dyes, and detection is carried out using a multiplicity of photodetectors, one for each distinct dye to be detected. A number of methods of making and using sets of distinguishable beads have been described in the literature. These include beads distinguishable by size, wherein each size bead is coated with a different target-specific antibody (see e.g. Fulwyler and McHugh, 1990, Methods in Cell Biology 33:613-629), beads with two or more fluorescent dyes at varying concentrations, wherein the beads are identified by the levels of fluorescence dyes (see e.g. European Patent No. 0 126,450), and beads distinguishably labelled with two different dyes, wherein the beads are identified by separately measuring the fluorescence intensity of each of the dyes (see e.g. U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,499,052 and 4,717,655). Both one-dimensional and two-dimensional arrays for the simultaneous analysis of multiple antigens by flow cytometry are available commercially. Examples of one-dimensional arrays of singly dyed beads distinguishable by the level of fluorescence intensity include the BD™ Cytometric Bead Array (CBA) (BD Biosciences, San Jose, Calif.) and Cyto-Plex™ Flow Cytometry microspheres (Duke Scientific, Palo Alto, Calif.). An example of a two-dimensional array of beads distinguishable by a combination of fluorescence intensity (five levels) and size (two sizes) is the QuantumPlex™ microspheres (Bangs Laboratories, Fisher, Ind.). An example of a two-dimensional array of doubly-dyed beads distinguishable by the levels of fluorescence of each of the two dyes is described in Fulton et al. (1997, Clinical Chemistry 43(9):1749-1756). The beads may be labelled with any fluorescent compound known in the art such as e.g. FITC (FL1), PE (FL2), fluorophores for use in the blue laser (e.g. PerCP, PE-Cy7, PE-Cy5, FL3 and APC or Cy5, FL4), fluorophores for use in the red, violet or UV laser (e.g. Pacific blue, pacific orange). In another particular embodiment, bead is a magnetic bead for use in magnetic separation. Magnetic beads are known to those of skill in the art. Typically, the magnetic bead is preferably made of a magnetic material selected from the group consisting of metals (e.g. ferrum, cobalt and nickel), an alloy thereof and an oxide thereof. In another particular embodiment, bead is bead that is dyed and magnetized. In one embodiment, protein microarray methods may be used. Typically, at least one antibody or aptamer directed against ABCA1 protein is immobilized or grafted to an array(s), a solid or semi-solid surface(s). A sample containing or suspected of containing ABCA1 protein is then labelled with at least one isotope or one element or one fluorophore or one colorimetric tag that are not naturally contained in the tested sample. After a period of incubation of said sample with the array sufficient to allow the formation of antibody-antigen complexes, the array is then washed and dried. After all, quantifying ABCA1 protein may be achieved by using any appropriate microarray scanner like fluorescence scanner, colorimetric scanner, SIMS (secondary ions mass spectrometry) scanner, maldi scanner, electromagnetic scanner or any technique allowing to quantify said labels. In another embodiment, the antibody or aptamer grafted on the array is labelled. In another embodiment, reverse phase arrays may be used. Typically, at least one sample is immobilized or grafted to an array(s), a solid or semi-solid surface(s). An antibody or aptamer against the suspected biomarker is then labelled with at least one isotope or one element or one fluorophore or one colorimetric tag that are not naturally contained in the tested sample. After a period of incubation of said antibody or aptamer with the array sufficient to allow the formation of antibody-antigen complexes, the array is then washed and dried. After all, detecting quantifying and counting by D-SIMS said biomarker containing said isotope or group of isotopes, and a reference natural element, and then calculating the isotopic ratio between the biomarker and the reference natural element. may be achieve using any appropriate microarray scanner like fluorescence scanner, colorimetric scanner, SIMS (secondary ions mass spectrometry) scanner, maldi scanner, electromagnetic scanner or any technique allowing to quantify said labels. In one embodiment, said direct analysis can also be assessed by mass Spectrometry. Mass spectrometry-based quantification methods may be performed using either labelled or unlabelled approaches (DeSouza and Siu, 2012). Mass spectrometry-based quantification methods may be performed using chemical labeling, metabolic labelingor proteolytic labeling. Mass spectrometry-based quantification methods may be performed using mass spectrometry label free quantification, LTQ Orbitrap Velos, LTQ-MS/MS, a quantification based on extracted ion chromatogram EIC (progenesis LC-MS, Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry) and then profile alignment to determine differential expression of the biomarker. In another embodiment, the ABCA1 expression level is assessed by analyzing the expression of mRNA transcript or mRNA precursors, such as nascent RNA, of ABCA1 gene. Said analysis can be assessed by preparing mRNA/cDNA from cells in a sample from a subject, and hybridizing the mRNA/cDNA with a reference polynucleotide. The prepared mRNA/cDNA can be used in hybridization or amplification assays that include, but are not limited to, Southern or Northern analyses, polymerase chain reaction analyses, such as quantitative PCR (TaqMan), and probes arrays such as GeneChip™ DNA Arrays (AFFYMETRIX). Advantageously, the analysis of the expression level of mRNA transcribed from the gene encoding for biomarkers involves the process of nucleic acid amplification, e. g., by RT-PCR (the experimental embodiment set forth in U.S. Pat. No. 4,683,202), ligase chain reaction (Barany, 1991), self-sustained sequence replication (Guatelli et al., 1990), transcriptional amplification system (Kwoh et al., 1989), Q-Beta Replicase (Lizardi et al., 1988), rolling circle replication (U.S. Pat. No. 5,854, 033) or any other nucleic acid amplification method, followed by the detection of the amplified molecules using techniques well known to those of skill in the art. These detection schemes are especially useful for the detection of nucleic acid molecules if such molecules are present in very low numbers. As used herein, amplification primers are defined as being a pair of nucleic acid molecules that can anneal to 5′ or 3′ regions of a gene (plus and minus strands, respectively, or vice-versa) and contain a short region in between. In general, amplification primers are from about 10 to 30 nucleotides in length and flank a region from about 50 to 200 nucleotides in length. Under appropriate conditions and with appropriate reagents, such primers permit the amplification of a nucleic acid molecule comprising the nucleotide sequence flanked by the primers. As used herein, the term “predetermined reference value” refers to a threshold value or a cut-off value. The setting of a single “reference value” thus allows discrimination between a subject at risk of having or developing IA and a subject not at risk of having or developing IA with respect to the overall survival (OS) for a subject. Typically, a “threshold value” or “cut-off value” can be determined experimentally, empirically, or theoretically. A threshold value can also be arbitrarily selected based upon the existing experimental and/or clinical conditions, as would be recognized by a person of ordinary skilled in the art. The threshold value has to be determined in order to obtain the optimal sensitivity and specificity according to the function of the test and the benefit/risk balance (clinical consequences of false positive and false negative). Typically, the optimal sensitivity and specificity (and so the threshold value) can be determined using a Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve based on experimental data. Preferably, the person skilled in the art may compare the expression level (obtained according to the method of the invention) with a defined threshold value. In one embodiment of the present invention, the threshold value is derived from the expression level (or ratio, or score) determined in a biological sample derived from one or more subjects at risk of having or developing CMML. Furthermore, retrospective measurement of the expression level (or ratio, or scores) in properly banked historical subject samples may be used in establishing these threshold values. Predetermined reference values used for comparison may comprise “cut-off” or “threshold” values that may be determined as described herein. Each reference (“cut-off”) value for ABCA1 may be predetermined by carrying out a method comprising the steps of a) providing a collection of samples from subjects at risk of having or developing CMML; b) determining the expression level of ABCA1 protein for each sample contained in the collection provided at step a); c) ranking the biological samples according to said expression level; d) classifying said samples in pairs of subsets of increasing, respectively decreasing, number of members ranked according to their expression level, e) providing, for each sample provided at step a), information relating to the risk of having or developing CMML or the actual clinical outcome for the corresponding subject (i.e. the duration of the overall survival (OS)); f) for each pair of subsets of samples, obtaining a Kaplan Meier percentage of survival curve; g) for each pair of subsets of samples calculating the statistical significance (p value) between both subsets; h) selecting as reference value for the expression level, the value of expression level for which the p value is the smallest. For example the expression level of ABCA1 has been assessed for 100 samples of 100 patients. The 100 samples are ranked according to their expression level. Sample 1 has the best expression level and sample 100 has the worst expression level. A first grouping provides two subsets: on one side sample Nr 1 and on the other side the 99 other samples. The next grouping provides on one side samples 1 and 2 and on the other side the 98 remaining samples etc., until the last grouping: on one side samples 1 to 99 and on the other side sample Nr 100. According to the information relating to the actual clinical outcome for the corresponding patient, Kaplan Meier curves are prepared for each of the 99 groups of two subsets. Also for each of the 99 groups, the p value between both subsets was calculated. The reference value is selected such as the discrimination based on the criterion of the minimum p value is the strongest. In other terms, the expression level corresponding to the boundary between both subsets for which the p value is minimum is considered as the reference value. It should be noted that the reference value is not necessarily the median value of expression levels. In routine work, the reference value (cut-off value) may be used in the present method to discriminate samples and therefore the corresponding patients. Kaplan-Meier curves of percentage of survival as a function of time are commonly to measure the fraction of patients living for a certain amount of time after treatment and are well known by the man skilled in the art. The man skilled in the art also understands that the same technique of assessment of the expression level of ABCA1 should of course be used for obtaining the reference value and thereafter for assessment of the expression level of a biomarker of a patient subjected to the method of the invention. In one embodiment, the reference value may correspond to the expression level of ABCA1 determined in a sample associated with subject at risk of having or developing CMML. Accordingly, a lower expression level of ABCA1 than the reference value is indicative of a subject at risk of having or developing CMML, and a higher or equal expression level of ABCA1 than the reference value is indicative of a subject not at risk of having or developing CMML. In another embodiment, the reference value may correspond to the expression level of ABCA1 determined in a sample associated with subject not at risk of having or developing CMML. Accordingly, a higher or equal expression level of ABCA1 than the reference value is indicative of a subject not at risk of having or developing CMML, and a lower expression level of ABCA1 than the reference value is indicative of a subject at risk of having or developing CMML. Method for Treating Chronic Myelomonocytic Leukemia In a third aspect, the invention relates to a method for treating CMML in a subject in need thereof comprising a step of administering to said subject a therapeutically effective amount of: HDL/ABCA recombinant (ApoA-1); cylodextrin and/or anti-IL-3Rbeta antibody. As used herein, the terms “treating” or “treatment” refer to both prophylactic or preventive treatment as well as curative or disease modifying treatment, including treatment of subject at risk of contracting the disease (CMML) or suspected to have contracted the disease as well as subject who are ill or have been diagnosed as suffering from a disease or medical condition, and includes suppression of clinical relapse. The treatment may be administered to a subject having a medical disorder or who ultimately may acquire the disorder, in order to prevent, cure, delay the onset of, reduce the severity of, or ameliorate one or more symptoms of a disorder or recurring disorder, or in order to prolong the survival of a subject beyond that expected in the absence of such treatment. By “therapeutic regimen” is meant the pattern of treatment of an illness, e.g., the pattern of dosing used during therapy. A therapeutic regimen may include an induction regimen and a maintenance regimen. The phrase “induction regimen” or “induction period” refers to a therapeutic regimen (or the portion of a therapeutic regimen) that is used for the initial treatment of a disease. The general goal of an induction regimen is to provide a high level of drug to a subject during the initial period of a treatment regimen. An induction regimen may employ (in part or in whole) a “loading regimen”, which may include administering a greater dose of the drug than a physician would employ during a maintenance regimen, administering a drug more frequently than a physician would administer the drug during a maintenance regimen, or both. The phrase “maintenance regimen” or “maintenance period” refers to a therapeutic regimen (or the portion of a therapeutic regimen) that is used for the maintenance of a subject during treatment of an illness, e.g., to keep the subject in remission for long periods of time (months or years). A maintenance regimen may employ continuous therapy (e.g., administering a drug at a regular intervals, e.g., weekly, monthly, yearly, etc.) or intermittent therapy (e.g., interrupted treatment, intermittent treatment, treatment at relapse, or treatment upon achievement of a particular predetermined criteria [e.g., pain, disease manifestation, etc.]). In a particular embodiment, the invention relates to a method for treating CMML in a subject in need thereof comprising a step of administering to said subject a therapeutically effective amount of HDL. As used herein, the term “HDL” refers to high-density lipoprotein. It is the smallest of the lipoprotein particles. It is the densest because it contains the highest proportion of protein to lipids. Its most abundant apolipoproteins are apo A-I and apo A-II. HDL transports cholesterol mostly to the liver or steroidogenic organs such as adrenals, ovary, and testes by both direct and indirect pathways. In a further embodiment, the a method for treating CMML in a subject in need thereof comprising a step of administering to said subject a therapeutically effective amount of ABCA 1 recombinant (ApoA-1). As used herein, the term “ApoA-1” also known as ETC-216, MDCO-216 is a naturally occurring mutated variant of the apolipoprotein Al protein found in human HDL. In a particular embodiment, the invention relates to a method for treating CMML in a subject in need thereof comprising a step of administering to said subject a therapeutically effective amount of cylodextrin. As used herein, the term “cylodextrin” belongs to a family of cyclic oligosaccharides, consisting of a macrocyclic ring of glucose subunits joined by α-1,4 glycosidic bonds. In a particular embodiment, the invention relates to a method for treating CMML in a subject in need thereof comprising a step of administering to said subject a therapeutically effective amount of anti-IL-3Rbeta antibody. As used herein, the term “IL-3 R beta” refers to a molecule found on cells which helps transmit the signal of interleukin-3, a soluble cytokine important in the immune system. In the context of the invention, the anti-IL-3 R beta antibody is a blocking antibody prevented bone marrow proliferation. In a particular embodiment, the anti-IL-3Rbeta antibody is selected from the group but not limited to: MAB5491, AF549 (FAB5492A) or GWB-ASC 152. In a further embodiment, the method according to the invention, wherein cylodextrin and anti-IL-3Rbeta antibody are administered simultaneously separately or sequentially as a combined preparation. As used herein the terms “administering” or “administration” refer to the act of injecting or otherwise physically delivering a substance as it exists outside the body (e.g., HDL/ABCA recombinant (ApoA-1); cylodextrin and/or anti-IL-3Rbeta antibody) into the subject, such as by mucosal, intradermal, intravenous, subcutaneous, intramuscular delivery and/or any other method of physical delivery described herein or known in the art. When a disease, or a symptom thereof, is being treated, administration of the substance typically occurs after the onset of the disease or symptoms thereof. When a disease or symptoms thereof, are being prevented, administration of the substance typically occurs before the onset of the disease or symptoms thereof. As used herein, the term “administration simultaneously” refers to administration of 2 active ingredients by the same route and at the same time or at substantially the same time. The term “administration separately” refers to an administration of 2 active ingredients at the same time or at substantially the same time by different routes. The term “administration sequentially” refers to an administration of 2 active ingredients at different times, the administration route being identical or different. By a “therapeutically effective amount” is meant a sufficient amount of HDL/ABCA recombinant (ApoA-1); cylodextrin and/or anti-IL-3Rbeta antibody for use in a method for treating CMML in a subject in need thereof at a reasonable benefit/risk ratio applicable to any medical treatment. It will be understood that the total daily usage of the compounds and compositions of the present invention will be decided by the attending physician within the scope of sound medical judgment. The specific therapeutically effective dose level for any particular subject will depend upon a variety of factors including the age, body weight, general health, sex and diet of the subject; the time of administration, route of administration, and rate of excretion of the specific compound employed; the duration of the treatment; drugs used in combination or coincidental with the specific polypeptide employed; and like factors well known in the medical arts. For example, it is well known within the skill of the art to start doses of the compound at levels lower than those required to achieve the desired therapeutic effect and to gradually increase the dosage until the desired effect is achieved. However, the daily dosage of the products may be varied over a wide range from 0.01 to 1,000 mg per adult per day. Typically, the compositions contain 0.01, 0.05, 0.1, 0.5, 1.0, 2.5, 5.0, 10.0, 15.0, 25.0, 50.0, 100, 250 and 500 mg of the active ingredient for the symptomatic 20 adjustment of the dosage to the subject to be treated. A medicament typically contains from about 0.01 mg to about 500 mg of the active ingredient, typically from 1 mg to about 100 mg of the active ingredient. An effective amount of the drug is ordinarily supplied at a dosage level from 0.0002 mg/kg to about 20 mg/kg of body weight per day, especially from about 0.001 mg/kg to 7 mg/kg of body weight per day. Kit In a fourth aspect, the invention relates to a kit for performing the methods of the present invention, wherein said kit comprises means for measuring at least one mutation as described above in ABCA1 protein and/or detecting ABCA1 SNP that is indicative of the risk of having a short survival time in a subject. Typically the kit may include antibodies, primers, probes, macroarrays or microarrays as above described. For example, the kit may comprise a set of antibodies, primers, or probes as above defined, and optionally pre-labelled. Alternatively, antibodies, primers, or probes may be unlabelled and the ingredients for labelling may be included in the kit in separate containers. The kit may further comprise hybridization reagents or other suitably packaged reagents and materials needed for the particular hybridization protocol, including solid-phase matrices, if applicable, and standards. The kit may further comprise amplification reagents and also other suitably packaged reagents and materials needed for the particular amplification protocol. The invention will be further illustrated by the following figures and examples. However, these examples and figures should not be interpreted in any way as limiting the scope of the present invention. 
 FIGURES FIG.  1 3 FIG.  2 + fl/fl  + hi  + lo  − hi  +  + + fl/fl  +  FIG.  3 + fl/fl  −  − +  − − + hi hi  − − + hi low  + fl/fl  + fl/fl  +  FIG.  4 + + fl/fl + fl/fl  + fl/fl fl/fl  + hi  + lo  − hi  − − +  − − + hi low  − − + hi hi  − − + hi low  +  FIG.  5 + + fl/fl + fl/fl  + fl/fl fl/fl  + fl/fl  3 FIG.  6 3 + fl/fl  + + + fl/fl Tg  EXAMPLE Material & Methods Genetic Analysis of Primary Patient Samples. Peripheral blood and/or bone marrow samples were collected from 26 patients with CMML; informed consent was obtained from all patients included in this study. Matched normal tissue in the form of a buccal swab was available for all patients. Genomic DNA was extracted from viably frozen peripheral blood granulocytes and buccal swabs. High-throughput DNA sequence analysis was used to screen for mutations in ABCA1, ABCG1, NR1H2, and NR1H3. All DNA samples were whole genome amplified using ∅29 polymerase to ensure sufficient material was available for sequence analysis. M13-appended gene-specific primers were designed to amplify and sequence all coding exons of all isoforms of the above mentioned genes. Primer sequences and the genomic coordinates of all amplicons sequenced are included in Supplemental Table 1. Bidirectional sequence traces were analyzed for missense and nonsense mutations using Mutation Surveyor (Softgenetics, Inc., State College, Pa.), and all traces were reviewed manually and with Mutation Surveyor for the presence of frameshift mutations. Mutations were annotated according to the predicted effects on coding sequence using NM_005502.2, NM_004915.3, NM_007121.4, and NM_001130101.1 as the reference sequence for ABCA1, ABCG1, NR1H2, and NR1H3 respectively. Non-synonymous mutations were first compared to published SNP data (dbSNP, http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/projects/SNP) such that previously annotated SNPs were not considered pathogenic mutations. Missense mutations not in the published SNP database were annotated as somatic mutations based on either on reported data demonstrating these are somatic mutations or sequence analysis of that demonstrated these mutations were present in tumor and not in matched normal DNA. All somatic mutations were validated by resequencing non-amplified source DNA for the particular amplicon where the mutation was noted. Genomic DNA from paired samples was verified to belong to the same patient by genotyping of the specimens for 42 highly polymorphic single-nucleotide polymorphisms using mass-spectrometry based genotyping as described previously. In order to determine whether the genes in which non-synonymous mutations were identified were mutated at a rate higher than expected by chance alone, we first calculated the rate of non-synonymous mutations in the sequenced genes. We then performed binomial test in R (http://www.r-project.org/) to compare the rate of non-synonmous mutations in the genes identified in this study with the expected background rate of 0.22-2.5×10 −6  2-10  Mice and Treatments. WT, Mx1-Cre +  1CgnJ fl/fl  tm1.1Iaai/J fl/fl  tm1IJp/J 1Rub/J +  fl/fl  + fl/fl  + fl/fl fl/fl  Animal procedures were conducted in accordance with the Guidelines for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals and were approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committees at Mediterranean Center of Molecular Medicine (C3M). Mice were maintained on a 12 h light/12 h darkness lighting schedule. Animals had ad libitum access to both food and water. Plasmids. Mouse ABCA1 cDNA, with a homology of 97% to human ABCA1 cDNA, was used to generate P711L, A1291T, G1421R, P1423S and A2011T mutant cDNAs and cloned into pLKO lentiviral vectors to genetically perturb cells by lentiviral infection and avoid cross reactivity. Lentiviral BM Transplantation. The lentiviral BM transplant assay was performed as previously described (Gautier et al., 2013). In brief, Mx1-Cre +  + fl/fl  +  + fl/fl  White Blood Cell Counts Leukocytes, differential blood counts, platelets and erythrocytes were quantified from whole blood using a hematology cell counter (HEMAVET® 950). Histopathology Mice were euthanized and tissues were harvested and fixed in 4% paraformaldehyde. Spleen was serially paraffin sectioned using a Microm HM340E microtome (Microm Microtech, Francheville France) and stained with H&E for morphological analysis as previously described (Yvan-Charvet et al., 2010). HEK293 cell transfection and culture. HEK293 cells (human embryonic kidney, CRL-1573, ATCC) at a density of 10 6  + Human THP-1 monocytic leukemia cells and treatments. THP-1 monocytes (human acute monocytic leukemia cell line, TIB-202, ATCC) were cultured in RPMI 1640 medium supplemented with 10% fetal bovine serum (FBS) at 37° C. in 5% CO2. Non-adherent monocytes were transduced at MOI of 5 with control, ABCA1-WT and ABCA1-mutant lentiviral particles (pLKO lentiviral vector containing a CMV promoter, Genecust) in the presence of polybrene (Sigma) and used 3 days later for experiments as described in the figure legends. THP1 cells were treated for 16 hours with puromycin 24 hours after transfection to improve the transient transduction/transfection efficiency up to 60% to 80% (data not shown), which slowed down the proliferation rate of these cells. In some experiments, stable overexpressing ABCA1-WT and ABCA/-mutants THP-1 macrophages were generated after lentiviral transduction and GFP selection of a puromycin resistant pLKO vector containing ABCA/gene. BM Harvest and Treatment Briefly, femurs were flushed with ice-cold PBS and centrifugated for 5 min at 1,000 rpm to extract BM cells. After red blood cell lysis, over 90% of BM cells were CD45-positive cells of hematopoietic origin (Westerterp et al., 2012). Primary BM cells were resuspended in IMDM (Gibco) containing 10% FCS (STEMCELL Technologies) and cultured for 1 h in tissue culture flasks to remove adherent cells, including macrophages. The transduction rate of control, ABCA1-WT and ABCA 1-mutant lentiviral particles was determined after BM transplantation as described above. Suspended cells were then normalized to the same concentration and cultured for 72 h in the presence of 6 ng/mL IL-3 and 2 ng/mL GM-CSF (R&D Systems). In some experiments, the cyclodextrin (Sigma) was used at the final concentration of 5 mM, tempol (EMD Millipore) at 4 mM and anti-IL3Rbeta AF549 antibody (R&D Systems) at 50 μg/mL. [ 3 For proliferation assays, cells were pulsed for 2 h with 2 μCi/ml [ 3 Isotopic Cholesterol Efflux Assay THP-1 monocytes were treated with 100 nmol/L PMA (Phorbol myristate acetate) for 24 hour to facilitate differentiation into macrophages and cultured for 24 h in RPMI 1640 medium supplemented with 10% fetal bovine serum (FBS) containing 2 μCi/ml of [3H]-cholesterol. Cholesterol efflux was performed for 6 h in 0.2% BSA DMEM containing 15 μg/mL apoA-I. The cholesterol efflux was expressed as the percentage of the radioactivity released from the cells in the medium relative to the total radioactivity in cells plus medium (Yvan-Charvet et al., 2010). Cellular and Tissue Cholesterol Content Total lipids were extracted with chloroform/methanol from total cell lysates. Cholesterol mass in cells was determined using colorimetric kits (Wako Chemicals). Flow Cytometry Analysis. BM cells, peripheral blood and splenocytes were collected from leg bones, blood and spleen cells after manual flushing or grinding, lysis to remove red blood cells and filtering through a 40-μm cell strainer as previously described (Yvan-Charvet et al., 2010). For peripheral blood leukocytes analysis, 100 μL of blood were collected into EDTA tubes before red blood cell lysis and filtration. Freshly isolated BM, spleen and blood cells were stained with the appropriate antibodies for 30 min on ice. Cellular cholesterol content was quantified using the Bodipy-cholesterol probe (Life Technologies). Phosphoflow staining was performed according to the manufacturer's instruction (BD Biosciences). HSPC and hematopoietic progenitor subsets and myeloid cell populations were analyzed by flow cytometry using an LSR Fortessa (Becton Dickinson) or sorted with a FACSAria II instrument (Becton Dickinson). All gating strategies are depicted in the Figures. Data were analyzed with FlowJo software (Tree Star). Cholera Toxin staining After a wash in complete growth medium, THP-1 transduced monocytes were stained 15 min at 37° C., in 1 μg/ml working solution of Cholera Toxin Subunit B, Alexa Fluor 594 conjugate (Invitrogen, C34777). Cells were then stained with 1 ng/ml working solution of DAPI (4′,6-diamidino-2-phenylindole) and washed 3 times in PBS1X. Immunostaining of cells was read on a Nikon Confocal MR microscope. Antibodies. TCR-β (H57-597), F4/80 (BM8), CD2 (RM2-5), CD3e (145-2C11), CD4 (GK1.5), CD8b (53-6.7), CD19 (eBio1D3), CD45R (B220, RA3-6B2), Gr-1 (Ly6G, RB6-8C5), Cd11b (Mac1, M1/70), Ter119 (Ly76) and NK1.1 (Ly53, PK136)-FITC were all from eBioscience and used for lineage determination. c-Kit (CD117, ACK2)-APCeFluor780 from eBioscience, Sca-1-Pacific blue from Biolegend, FcgRII/III-PE (CD16/32, 2.4G2), CD34 (RAM34)-AlexaFluor 647, CD135 (Flt3, A2F10)-PE, CD150 (Slamf1, TC15-12F 12.2)-PECy7 were from Biolegend and used to quantify HSPCs and progenitor subsets. Peripheral leukocytes were stained with CD115 (AFS98)-APC, CD45 (30-F11)-APCCy7 and Ly6C/G or Gr-1 (RB6-8C5)-PercPCy5.5 from eBioscience and BD Biosciences, respectively. RNA analysis Total RNA extraction, cDNA synthesis and real-time PCR were performed as described previously (16). m36B4 RNA expression was used to account for variability in the initial quantities of mRNA. Western Blotting The expression of ABCA1, TET2, phospho JAK2 and ERK were measured in BM cell by Western blot analysis. Briefly, cell extracts were electrophoresed on 4-20% gradient SDS-PAGE gels and transferred to 0.22-μm nitrocellulose membranes. The membrane was blocked in Tris-buffered saline, 0.1% Tween20 containing 5%(w/v) nonfat milk (TBST-nfm) at room temperature (RT) for 1 h and then incubated with the primary antibody (all from Cell Signaling) in TBST-nfm at RT for 4 h, followed by incubation with the appropriate secondary antibody coupled to horseradish peroxidase. Proteins were detected by ECL chemiluminescence (Pierce). Intensity of each protein strips was quantified using Image J software. Statistical Analysis Data are shown as mean±SEM. Statistical significance was performed using two-tailed parametric student's t test or by one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA, 4-group comparisons) with a Bonferroni multiple comparison post-test according to the dataset (GraphPad software, San Diego, Calif.). Results were considered as statistically significant when P<0.05. Results Identification of ABCA1 Somatic Mutations in CMML Sequencing of full-length ABCA1, ABCG1 and NR1H2/3 (LXRs) in 26 CMML samples revealed a somatic mutational frequency of 19% of samples for ABCA1 (n=5) and 0% for ABCG1 and NR1H2/3. All mutations were somatic missense mutations with only one mutation observed in each patient sample (data not shown). The identity of the paired samples was verified by Sequenom SNP genotyping demonstrating that the likelihood of a match occurring by chance was <1×10-13 (data not shown). These ABCA1 mutations occur in evolutionarily conserved regions (data not shown). The ABCA1 mutations have not been previously described even though different ABCA1 mutations have been identified in Tangier Disease (Brunham et al., 2006; Sjöblom et al., 2006). Sequencing of other genes implicated in the pathogenesis of CMML in these same samples revealed that ABCA1 mutations co-existed with known oncogenic mutations in JAK2, Flt3, and N-Ras (Emanuel, 2008). We noted that (1) of the 4 genes sequenced, somatic non-synonymous mutations were found in only 2 of the 4 genes and (2) the somatic nonsynonymous mutation rate for ABCA1 was higher than the expected background silent mutation rate and higher than expected by chance alone by binomial tests (p-value of 3.6×10-10 for ABCA1), suggesting that mutations in ABCA1 do not represent passenger gene effects. Functional Analysis of ABCA1 Mutations In Vitro Given the key role of ABCA1-dependent cholesterol efflux pathway in controlling myeloid expansion (Tall and Yvan-Charvet, 2015), we sought to test whether ABCA/CMML mutations affect cellular proliferation. We used site-directed mutagenesis to introduce each of these five somatic mutations individually into the ABCA1 cDNA. To compare the ability of ABCA1 mutants to control proliferation, we transiently transfected HEK293 cells with the ABCA1 cDNAs. Overexpression of WT-ABCA1 resulted in an approximately 1.7-fold decrease in cell proliferation compared with empty vector-transfected cells (data not shown). All mutants located in either the N- and C-terminal regions (P711L and A2011T), the PEST sequence (A1291T) or the apoA-I binding region (G1421R and P1423S) exhibited a significant reduction in anti-proliferative activity ( FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 ABCA1 mutants associated with CMML fail to suppress myelopoiesis in vivo. Previous studies have suggested that loss of ABCA1 function alone is insufficient to promote prominent myelopoiesis in hypercholesterolemic mice (Yvan-Charvet et al., 2010). We hypothesized that proliferative effects of ABCA1 mutants observed in CMML might become more evident when combined with other CMML mutant alleles. Tet2 inactivation through loss-of-function mutation is commonly found in CMML (Bowman and Levine, 2017; Solary et al., 2014). Therefore, to assess the in vivo effects of ABCA1 mutants, bone marrow (BM) cells from WT or Mx1-Cre + fl/fl  + fl/fl  + + fl/fl  FIG.  2 high high FIG.  2 hi  FIG.  2 FIG.  2 2 ABCA1 Mutants Fail to Prevent CMML-Associated Extramedullary Hematopoiesis and Splenomegaly. Overexpression of ABCA1-WT suppressed the splenomegaly of animals transplanted with Tet2 deficient BM ( FIG.  2 FIG.  2 + + FIG.  2 − + + ABCA1 Mutants Fail to Suppress Expansion and Myeloid Bias of Tet2 Deficient HSPCs Tet2 loss or defective cholesterol efflux pathways leads to BM hematopoietic stem/progenitor cell expansion (HSPCs) and differentiation toward a myeloid lineage fate in vivo (Moran-Crusio et al., 2011; Quivoron et al., 2011; Yvan-Charvet et al., 2010). Analysis of the BM HSPCs showed a reduction of the LSK cells in ABCA1-WT-transduced animals on a Tet2 deficient background compared to empty control-transduced animals. This effect was lost in ABCA1 mutant-transduced animals ( FIG.  3 − −  + low low −  −  + hi hi −  −  + hi hi FIG.  3 FIG.  3 FIG.  3 high high  FIG.  3 FIG.  3 ABCA1 deficiency cooperate with Tet2 loss to propagate myeloid transformation In parallel, we crossed Mx1-Cre + fl/fl  fl/fl  + fl/fl fl/fl  ΔHSC + fl/fl  + fl/fl  FIG.  4 ΔHSC  FIG.  4 4 FIG.  4 ΔHSC  FIG.  4 ΔHSC  FIG.  4 FIG.  4 Cholesterol Accumulation Links ABCA1 Mutants and Tet2 Loss to IL3-Receptor Signaling Hypersensitivity We next sought to identify mechanisms responsible for the lack of tumor suppressor function of ABCA1 mutants in Tet2 deficient BM cells. Increased cholesterol accumulation and reduced expression of ABCA1 have been repeatedly observed in cancer cells (Bovenga et al., 2015; Lin and Gustafsson, 2015). Thus, taking advantage of publicly available gene expression datasets (Kunimoto et al., 2018), we first interrogated whether Tet2 deficient LSK, CMP and GMPs cells could transcriptionally regulate cholesterol metabolic pathways. We didn't observe major transcriptional regulation of genes involved in cholesterol metabolism (<10% overall changes) including liver X receptor (LXR) target genes and ABCA1 in Tet2 deficient hematopoietic progenitors (data not shown). The functional behavior of these cells was next assessed by quantifying neutral lipid accumulation in single knockout and DKO ΔHSC  ΔHSC  FIGS.  5 5 FIG.  5 FIG.  5 FIGS.  5 5 FIGS.  5 5 Given the activation of the IL3-receptor β canonical pathway in myeloid cells with defective cholesterol efflux pathway (Yvan-Charvet et al., 2010) and the hypersensitivity of Tet2 deficient myeloid cells to GM-CSF (Kunimoto et al., 2018), we next assessed whether the myelo-suppressive function of ABCA1 on a Tet2 deficient background could be attributed to its role in removing excess cellular cholesterol in committed myeloid progenitors. Excess cellular cholesterol was removed by treatment with cyclodextrin in ABCA1 mutant-transduced Tet2 deficient BM cells cultured in presence or absence of IL-3 and GM-CSF. We first validated our ex vivo BM culture proliferation assay by showing that inhibition of the IL-3Rβ signaling pathway using IL-3Rβ blocking antibody prevented BM proliferation on IL-3 and GM-CSF treatment ( FIG.  5 FIG.  5 FIG.  5 Increased HDL Reverses Increased Myelopoiesis and Splenomegaly Caused by ABCA1 Mutants Given the ability of increased HDL to suppress HSPC myeloid lineage commitment and rescue the myeloproliferative disorder of mice with defective cholesterol efflux (Yvan-Charvet et al., 2010), we hypothesized that raising HDL would alleviate some of the myeloproliferative phenotypes of ABCA1 mutant-transduced Tet2 deficient animals. First, HDL treatment ex vivo reduced the proliferation rates ( FIG.  6 FIG.  6 FIGS.  6 6 FIG.  6 FIG.  6 REFERENCES Throughout this application, various references describe the state of the art to which this invention pertains. The disclosures of these references are hereby incorporated by reference into the present disclosure.
 
     1. Cancer Genome Atlas Research Network, T. J. Ley, C. Miller, L. Ding, B. J. Raphael, A. J. Mungall, A. G. Robertson, K. Hoadley, T. J. Triche, P. W. Laird, J. D. Baty, L. L. Fulton, R. Fulton, S. E. Heath, J. Kalicki-Veizer, C. Kandoth, J. M. Klco, D. C. Koboldt, K.-L. Kanchi, S. Kulkarni, T. L. Lamprecht, D. E. Larson, L. Lin, C. Lu, M. D. McLellan, J. F. McMichael, J. Payton, H. Schmidt, D. H. Spencer, M. H. Tomasson, J. W. Wallis, L. D. Wartman, M. A. Watson, J. Welch, M. C. Wendl, A. Ally, M. Balasundaram, I. Birol, Y. Butterfield, R. Chiu, A. Chu, E. Chuah, H.-J. Chun, R. Corbett, N. Dhalla, R. Guin, A. He, C. Hirst, M. Hirst, R. A. Holt, S. Jones, A. Karsan, D. Lee, H. I. Li, M. A. Marra, M. Mayo, R. A. Moore, K. Mungall, J. Parker, E. Pleasance, P. Plettner, J. Schein, D. Stoll, L. Swanson, A. Tam, N. Thiessen, R. Varhol, N. Wye, Y. Zhao, S. Gabriel, G. Getz, C. Sougnez, L. Zou, M. D. M. Leiserson, F. Vandin, H.-T. Wu, F. Applebaum, S. B. Baylin, R. Akbani, B. M. Broom, K. Chen, T. C. Motter, K. Nguyen, J. N. Weinstein, N. Zhang, M. L. Ferguson, C. Adams, A. Black, J. Bowen, J. Gastier-Foster, T. Grossman, T. Lichtenberg, L. Wise, T. Davidsen, J. A. Demchok, K. R. M. Shaw, M. Sheth, H. J. Sofia, L. Yang, J. R. Downing, G. Eley, Genomic and epigenomic landscapes of adult de novo acute myeloid leukemia,  N. Engl. J. Med.  2. T. Sjöblom, S. Jones, L. D. Wood, D. W. Parsons, J. Lin, T. D. Barber, D. Mandelker, R. J. Leary, J. Ptak, N. Silliman, S. Szabo, P. Buckhaults, C. Farrell, P. Meeh, S. D. Markowitz, J. Willis, D. Dawson, J. K. V. Willson, A. F. Gazdar, J. Hartigan, L. Wu, C. Liu, G. Parmigiani, B. H. Park, K. E. Bachman, N. Papadopoulos, B. Vogelstein, K. W. Kinzler, V. E. Velculescu, The consensus coding sequences of human breast and colorectal cancers,  Science  
     3. A. H. Shih, Y. Jiang, C. Meydan, K. Shank, S. Pandey, L. Barreyro, I. Antony-Debre, A. Viale, N. Socci, Y. Sun, A. Robertson, M. Cavatore, E. de Stanchina, T. Hricik, F. Rapaport, B. Woods, C. Wei, M. Hatlen, M. Baljevic, S. D. Nimer, M. Tallman, E. Paietta, L. Cimmino, I. Aifantis, U. Steidl, C. Mason, A. Melnick, R. L. Levine, Mutational cooperativity linked to combinatorial epigenetic gain of function in acute myeloid leukemia,  Cancer Cell  4. H. Kunimoto, C. Meydan, A. Nazir, J. Whitfield, K. Shank, F. Rapaport, R. Maher, E. Pronier, S. C. Meyer, F. E. Garrett-Bakelman, M. Tallman, A. Melnick, R. L. Levine, A. H. Shih, Cooperative Epigenetic Remodeling by TET2 Loss and NRAS Mutation Drives Myeloid Transformation and MEK Inhibitor Sensitivity,  Cancer Cell  5. L. Busque, J. P. Patel, M. Figueroa, A. Vasanthakumar, S. Provost, Z. Hamilou, L. Mollica, J. Li, A. Viale, A. Heguy, M. Hassimi, N. Socci, P. K. Bhatt, M. Gonen, C. E. Mason, A. Melnick, L. A. Godley, C. Brennan, 0. Abdel-Wahab, R. L. Levine, Recurrent Somatic TET2 Mutations in Normal Elderly Individuals With Clonal Hematopoiesis,  Nat Genet  6. H. Jafri, A. A. Alsheikh-Ali, R. H. Karas, Baseline and on-treatment high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and the risk of cancer in randomized controlled trials of lipid-altering therapy,  J. Am. Coll. Cardiol.  7. A. R. Tall, L. Yvan-Charvet, Cholesterol, inflammation and innate immunity,  Nat. Rev. Immunol.  8. F. Bovenga, C. Sabbà, A. Moschetta, Uncoupling nuclear receptor LXR and cholesterol metabolism in cancer,  Cell Metab.  9. J. W. Clendening, L. Z. Penn, Targeting tumor cell metabolism with statins,  Oncogene  10. C. V. Dang, Links between metabolism and cancer,  Genes Dev.  11. C.-Y. Lin, J.-Å. Gustafsson, Targeting liver X receptors in cancer therapeutics,  Nat. Rev. Cancer  12. P. J. Mullen, R. Yu, J. Longo, M. C. Archer, L. Z. Penn, The interplay between cell signalling and the mevalonate pathway in cancer,  Nat. Rev. Cancer  13. A. J. Murphy, M. Akhtari, S. Tolani, T. Pagler, N. Bijl, C.-L. Kuo, M. Wang, M. Sanson, S. Abramowicz, C. Welch, A. E. Bochem, J. A. Kuivenhoven, L. Yvan-Charvet, A. R. Tall, ApoE regulates hematopoietic stem cell proliferation, monocytosis, and monocyte accumulation in atherosclerotic lesions in mice,  J. Clin. Invest.  14. M. Wang, M. Subramanian, S. Abramowicz, A. J. Murphy, A. Gonen, J. Witztum, C. Welch, I. Tabas, M. Westerterp, A. R. Tall, Interleukin-3/granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor receptor promotes stem cell expansion, monocytosis, and atheroma macrophage burden in mice with hematopoietic ApoE deficiency,  Arterioscler. Thromb. Vasc. Biol.  15. M. Westerterp, S. Gourion-Arsiquaud, A. J. Murphy, A. Shih, S. Cremers, R. L. Levine, A. R. Tall, L. Yvan-Charvet, Regulation of hematopoietic stem and progenitor cell mobilization by cholesterol efflux pathways,  Cell Stem Cell  16. L. Yvan-Charvet, T. Pagler, E. L. Gautier, S. Avagyan, R. L. Siry, S. Han, C. L. Welch, N. Wang, G. J. Randolph, H. W. Snoeck, A. R. Tall, ATP-binding cassette transporters and HDL suppress hematopoietic stem cell proliferation,  Science  17. E. L. Gautier, M. Westerterp, N. Bhagwat, S. Cremers, A. Shih, O. Abdel-Wahab, D. Lütjohann, G. J. Randolph, R. L. Levine, A. R. Tall, L. Yvan-Charvet, HDL and Glut1 inhibition reverse a hypermetabolic state in mouse models of myeloproliferative disorders,  J. Exp. Med.  18. R. Itzykson, M. Duchmann, N. Lucas, E. Solary, CMML: Clinical and molecular aspects, Int. J. Hematol. 105, 711-719 (2017). 19. L. R. Brunham, R. R. Singaraja, M. R. Hayden, Variations on a gene: rare and common variants in ABCA1 and their impact on HDL cholesterol levels and atherosclerosis,  Annu. Rev. Nutr.  20. P. D. Emanuel, Juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia and chronic myelomonocytic leukemia,  Leukemia  21. R. L. Bowman, R. L. Levine, TET2 in Normal and Malignant Hematopoiesis,  Cold Spring Harb Perspect Med  22. E. Solary, O. A. Bernard, A. Tefferi, F. Fuks, W. Vainchenker, The Ten-Eleven Translocation-2 (TET2) gene in hematopoiesis and hematopoietic diseases,  Leukemia  23. K. Moran-Crusio, L. Reavie, A. Shih, O. Abdel-Wahab, D. Ndiaye-Lobry, C. Lobry, M. E. Figueroa, A. Vasanthakumar, J. Patel, X. Zhao, F. Perna, S. Pandey, J. Madzo, C. Song, Q. Dai, C. He, S. Ibrahim, M. Beran, J. Zavadil, S. D. Nimer, A. Melnick, L. A. Godley, I. Aifantis, R. L. Levine, Tet2 loss leads to increased hematopoietic stem cell self-renewal and myeloid transformation,  Cancer Cell  24. C. Quivoron, L. Couronné, V. Della Valle, C. K. Lopez, I. Plo, O. Wagner-Ballon, M. Do Cruzeiro, F. Delhommeau, B. Arnulf, M.-H. Stern, L. Godley, P. Opolon, H. Tilly, E. Solary, Y. Duffourd, P. Dessen, H. Merle-Beral, F. Nguyen-Khac, M. Fontenay, W. Vainchenker, C. Bastard, T. Mercher, O. A. Bernard, TET2 inactivation results in pleiotropic hematopoietic abnormalities in mouse and is a recurrent event during human lymphomagenesis,  Cancer Cell  25. S.-H. Moon, C.-H. Huang, S. L. Houlihan, K. Regunath, W. A. Freed-Pastor, J. P. Morris, D. F. Tschaharganeh, E. R. Kastenhuber, A. M. Barsotti, R. Culp-Hill, W. Xue, Y.-J. Ho, T. Baslan, X. Li, A. Mayle, E. de Stanchina, L. Zender, D. R. Tong, A. D'Alessandro, S. W. Lowe, C. Prives, p53 Represses the Mevalonate Pathway to Mediate Tumor Suppression,  Cell  26. M. S. Brown, J. L. Goldstein, Cholesterol feedback: from Schoenheimer's bottle to Scap's MELADL,  J. Lipid Res.  27. N. J. Spann, C. K. Glass, Sterols and oxysterols in immune cell function,  Nat. Immunol.  28. J. J. Lum, D. E. Bauer, M. Kong, M. H. Harris, C. Li, T. Lindsten, C. B. Thompson, Growth Factor Regulation of Autophagy and Cell Survival in the Absence of Apoptosis,  Cell  29. V. Sarrazy, M. Viaud, M. Westerterp, S. Ivanov, S. Giorgetti-Peraldi, R. Guinamard, E. L. Gautier, E. B. Thorp, D. C. De Vivo, L. Yvan-Charvet, Disruption of Glut1 in Hematopoietic Stem Cells Prevents Myelopoiesis and Enhanced Glucose Flux in Atheromatous Plaques of ApoE(−/−) Mice,  Circ. Res.  30. L. K. Boroughs, R. J. DeBerardinis, Metabolic pathways promoting cancer cell survival and growth,  Nat. Cell Biol.  31. D. Hanahan, R. A. Weinberg, Hallmarks of cancer: the next generation,  Cell  32. G. Kroemer, J. Pouyssegur, Tumor cell metabolism: cancer's Achilles' heel,  Cancer Cell  33. H. A. Hirsch, D. Iliopoulos, A. Joshi, Y. Zhang, S. A. Jaeger, M. Bulyk, P. N. Tsichlis, X. Shirley Liu, K. Struhl, A transcriptional signature and common gene networks link cancer with lipid metabolism and diverse human diseases,  Cancer Cell  34. H. R. McMurray, E. R. Sampson, G. Compitello, C. Kinsey, L. Newman, B. Smith, S.-R. Chen, L. Klebanov, P. Salzman, A. Yakovlev, H. Land, Synergistic response to oncogenic mutations defines gene class critical to cancer phenotype,  Nature  35. F. Su, K. R. Kozak, S. Imaizumi, F. Gao, M. W. Amneus, V. Grijalva, C. Ng, A. Wagner, G. Hough, G. Farias-Eisner, G. M. Anantharamaiah, B. J. Van Lenten, M. Navab, A. M. Fogelman, S. T. Reddy, R. Farias-Eisner, Apolipoprotein A-I (apoA-I) and apoA-I mimetic peptides inhibit tumor development in a mouse model of ovarian cancer,  Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A.  36. S. Yang, M. G. Damiano, H. Zhang, S. Tripathy, A. J. Luthi, J. S. Rink, A. V. Ugolkov, A. T. K. Singh, S. S. Dave, L. I. Gordon, C. S. Thaxton, Biomimetic, synthetic HDL nanostructures for lymphoma,  Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A.  37. M. Zamanian-Daryoush, D. Lindner, T. C. Tallant, Z. Wang, J. Buffa, E. Klipfell, Y. Parker, D. Hatala, P. Parsons-Wingerter, P. Rayman, M. S. S. Yusufishaq, E. A. Fisher, J. D. Smith, J. Finke, J. A. DiDonato, S. L. Hazen, The cardioprotective protein apolipoprotein A1 promotes potent anti-tumorigenic effects,  J. Biol. Chem.  38. B. Smith, H. Land, Anticancer activity of the cholesterol exporter ABCA1 gene,  Cell Rep  39. S. Dessi, B. Batetta, O. Spano, F. Sanna, M. Tonello, M. Giacchino, L. Tessitore, P. Costelli, F. M. Baccino, E. Madon, Clinical remission is associated with restoration of normal high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in children with malignancies,  Clin. Sci.  40. H. S. Gilbert, H. Ginsberg, Hypocholesterolemia as a manifestation of disease activity in chronic myelocytic leukemia,  Cancer  41. M. Lacy, D. Atzler, R. Liu, M. de Winther, C. Weber, E. Lutgens, Interactions between dyslipidemia and the immune system and their relevance as putative therapeutic targets in atherosclerosis,  Pharmacology  Therapeutics  42. O. Soehnlein, F. K. Swirski, Hypercholesterolemia links hematopoiesis with atherosclerosis,  Trends Endocrinol. Metab.  43. M. Tahiliani, K. P. Koh, Y. Shen, W. A. Pastor, H. Bandukwala, Y. Brudno, S. Agarwal, L. M. Iyer, D. R. Liu, L. Aravind, A. Rao, Conversion of 5-methylcytosine to 5-hydroxymethylcytosine in mammalian DNA by MLL partner TET1,  Science  44. M. H. Kang, R. Singaraja, M. R. Hayden, Adenosine-triphosphate-binding cassette transporter-1 trafficking and function,  Trends Cardiovasc. Med.  45. A. M. Vaughan, C. Tang, J. F. Oram, ABCA1 mutants reveal an interdependency between lipid export function, apoA-I binding activity, and Janus kinase 2 activation,  J. Lipid Res.  46. C. Tang, Y. Liu, P. S. Kessler, A. M. Vaughan, J. F. Oram, The macrophage cholesterol exporter ABCA1 functions as an anti-inflammatory receptor,  J. Biol. Chem.  47. N. Wang, M. Ranalletta, F. Matsuura, F. Peng, A. R. Tall, LXR-Induced Redistribution of ABCG1 to Plasma Membrane in Macrophages Enhances Cholesterol Mass Efflux to HDL,  Arterioscler Thromb Vasc Biol  48. B. H. Lee, M. G. Taylor, P. Robinet, J. D. Smith, J. Schweitzer, E. Sehayek, S. M. Falzarano, C. Magi-Galluzzi, E. A. Klein, A. H. Ting, Dysregulation of cholesterol homeostasis in human prostate cancer through loss of ABCA1,  Cancer Res.  49. M. G. Vander Heiden, L. C. Cantley, C. B. Thompson, Understanding the Warburg effect: the metabolic requirements of cell proliferation,  Science  50. O Abdel-Wahab, R. L. Levine, Metabolism and the leukemic stem cell,  J. Exp. Med.  51. M. Pirro, B. Ricciuti, D. J. Rader, A. L. Catapano, A. Sahebkar, M. Banach, High density lipoprotein cholesterol and cancer: Marker or causative?, Progress in Lipid Research 71,54-69 (2018). 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 claim 1 
 4 claim 1 
 5 claim 1 
 6 claim 1 
 7 claim 1 
 8 
 9 claim 8 
 10 
 11 claim 8 
 12 claim 8 
 13 claim 8 
 14 claim 8 
 15 claim 8 
 In the present invention, inventors have used high throughput sequencing to identify novel mutations in ABCA1 in CM ML patient samples. Further studies in a mouse model of myelomonocytic leukemia driven by hematopoietic Tet2 deficiency have shown that these somatic mutations abrogate the tumor suppressor function of WT ABCA1, resulting in the failure to suppress canonical IL3-receptor beta signaling-driven myelopoiesis. The loss of the myelo-suppressive function of ABCA1 mutants can be overcome by raising HDL levels through overexpression of the human apolipoprotein A-1 (apoA-1) transgene. Inventors have also shown that both IL-3Rbeta blocking antibody and cyclodextrin prevented the proliferation of ABCA1 mutant-transduced Tet2 deficient BM cells similar to the effect of ABCA1-WT overexpression. Accordingly, the invention relates to a method for predicting the survival time of a subject NI suffering from CM ML comprising the step identifying at least one ABCA1 and to a method for treating said subject with HDL/ABCA recombinant (ApoA-1); cylodextrin and/or anti-IL-3Rbeta antibody.


 CROSS REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONS This application claims the benefit of priority under 35 U.S.C. § 120 and is a continuation of U.S. application Ser. No. 16/106,996, filed Aug. 21, 2018, entitled “METHODS AND SYSTEMS FOR DETECTING SEQUENCE VARIANTS”, which claims the benefit of priority under 35 U.S.C. § 120 and is a continuation of U.S. application Ser. No. 14/517,451, filed Oct. 17, 2014, entitled “METHODS AND SYSTEMS FOR IDENTIFYING DISEASE-INDUCED MUTATIONS”, which claims the benefit of priority under 35 U.S.C. § 119(e) of U.S. Provisional Patent Application No. 61/892,670, filed Oct. 18, 2013, entitled “METHODS FOR IDENTIFYING DISEASE INDUCED MUTATIONS,” each of which is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. REFERENCE TO A SEQUENCE LISTING SUBMITTED AS A TEXT FILE VIA EFS-WEB This application contains a Sequence Listing which has been submitted in ASCII format via EFS-Web and is hereby incorporated by reference in its entirety. Said ASCII copy, created on Jun. 24, 2022, is named S1961.70008US03-SEQ and is 3,454 bytes in size. FIELD OF THE INVENTION The invention relates to methods and systems for identifying disease-induced mutations, such as caused by cancer. The invention additionally provides methods for identifying mutations that may be causative of advanced disease, such as metastatic cancers. BACKGROUND Many diseases result from inherited or random mutations in a patient's genetic sequence. Additionally, in diseases such as cancer, advanced stages of disease may manifest as new changes in the genetic sequence of diseased cells. Accordingly, there is increased interest in sequencing diseased cells, e.g., from a biopsy or freely circulating, to determine the type or stage of a disease. Thus, patients who have undergone treatment for a disease may have new biopsy samples sequenced to monitor disease recurrence and/or progression. Such monitoring allows for early intervention in the event of recurrence, and also avoids unnecessary treatment when changes are not detected. While there are many diseases that can be typed and tracked with genetic screening, cancer mutation screening has received the most attention. In some instances, the type of cancer can be immediately identified because of one tell-tale mutation, such as BRCA1. In most instances, however, cancer typing involves discovering and analyzing several sequences from a patient. Because these samples originate from the same patient, the samples are not independent of each other, but rather, are interrelated both developmentally and structurally. Furthermore, in most instances, accurate typing of a tumor requires knowledge of three sequences: the subject's healthy sequence (as found in non-cancerous parts of the body), the sequence of a major cancerous clone, and the sequences of minor clones (which may often be metastatic). The prospect of sequencing several samples to obtain a complete picture of a disease is less intimidating due to recent advances in genetic sequencing. Next-generation sequencing (e.g., whole-transcriptome shotgun sequencing, pyrosequencing, ion semiconductor sequencing, sequencing by synthesis) can generate millions of reads, covering an entire genome, in just a few days. To achieve this throughput, NGS sequencing uses massive parallelization on smaller nucleic acid sequences that together make up a larger body of genetic information, e.g., a chromosome or a genome. Starting from a genetic sample, the nucleic acids (e.g., DNA) are broken up, amplified, and read with extreme speed. Once the reads are produced, the reads are aligned to a reference genome, e.g., GRCh37, with a computer to produce longer, assembled sequences, known as contigs. Because the sequence data from next generation sequencers often comprises millions of shorter sequences that together represent the totality of the target sequence, aligning the reads is complex and computationally expensive. Additionally, in order to minimize sequence distortions caused by random sequencing errors (i.e., incorrect sequencing machine outputs), each portion of the probed sequence is sequenced multiple times (e.g., 2 to 100 times, or more) to minimize the influence of any random sequencing errors on the final alignments and output sequences generated. Once all of the data, corresponding to all of the nucleic acid reads is collected, and the reads are aligned against the reference, the reads are assembled and compared to the reference, as well as to each other, to determine the relationship between the samples. The workflow for this analysis is shown pictorially in  FIG.  1 The workflow illustrated in  FIG.  1 Typically a sequence alignment is constructed by aggregating pairwise alignments between two linear strings of sequence information, one of which is a standard reference. As an example of alignment, two strings, Si (SEQ ID NO. 15: AGCTACGTACACTACC) and S2 (SEQ ID NO. 16: AGCTATCGTACTAGC) can be aligned against each other. Si typically corresponds to a read and S2 correspond to a portion of the reference sequence. With respect to each other, S1 and S2 can consist of substitutions, deletions, and insertions. Typically, the terms are defined with regard to transforming string Si into string S2: a substitution occurs when a letter or sequence in S2 is replaced by a different letter or sequence of the same length in S1, a deletion occurs when a letter or sequence in S2 is “skipped” in the corresponding section of S1, and an insertion occurs when a letter or sequence occurs in Si between two positions that are adjacent in S2. For example, the two sequences Si and S2 can be aligned as below. The alignment below represents thirteen matches, a deletion of length one, an insertion of length two, and one substitution: 
 
 
 
 
 
 (S1) 
 (SEQ ID NO. 15) 
 AGCTA-CGTACACTACC 
   
 (S2)  
 (SEQ ID NO. 16) 
 AGCTATCGTAC--TAGC One of skill in the art will appreciate that there are exact and approximate algorithms for sequence alignment. Exact algorithms will find the highest scoring alignment, but can be computationally expensive. The two most well-known exact algorithms are Needleman-Wunsch (J Mol Biol, 48(3):443-453, 1970) and Smith-Waterman (J Mol Biol, 147(1):195-197, 1981; Adv. in Math. 20(3), 367-387, 1976). A further improvement to Smith-Waterman by Gotoh (J Mol Biol, 162(3), 705-708, 1982) reduces the calculation time from O(m 2 The Smith-Waterman (SW) algorithm aligns linear sequences by rewarding overlap between bases in the sequences, and penalizing gaps between the sequences. Smith-Waterman also differs from Needleman-Wunsch, in that SW does not require the shorter sequence to span the string of letters describing the longer sequence. That is, SW does not assume that one sequence is a read of the entirety of the other sequence. Furthermore, because SW is not obligated to find an alignment that stretches across the entire length of the strings, a local alignment can begin and end anywhere within the two sequences. The SW algorithm is easily expressed for an n×m matrix H, representing the two strings of length n and m, in terms of equation (1) below: 
 H k0 =H 0l ≤k≤n  ≤l≤m 
 H ij H i−1,j−1 +s a i , b j H i−1,j W in , H i,j−1 W del ≤i≤n  ≤j≤m In the equations above, s(a i j i j 1 in  del Once the matrix has been fully populated with scores, the SW algorithm performs a backtrack to determine the alignment. Starting with the maximum value in the matrix, the algorithm will backtrack based on which of the three values (H i-1,j−1 i-1,j i,j−1 FIG.  4 When applied as SW or SW-Gotoh, the techniques use a dynamic programming algorithm to perform local sequence alignment of the two strings, S and A, of sizes m and n, respectively. This dynamic programming technique employs tables or matrices to preserve match scores and avoid recomputation for successive cells. Each element of the string can be indexed with respect to a letter of the sequence, that is, if S is the string ATCGAA, S[1]=A, S[4]=G, etc. Instead of representing the optimum alignment as H i,j  
 B j, k p j, k i j, k d j, k <j≤m k≤n 
     The arguments of the maximum function, B[j,k], are outlined in equations (3)-(5) below, wherein MISMATCH_PENALTY, MATCH_BONUS, INSERTION_PENALTY, DELETION_PENALTY, and OPENING_PENALTY are all constants, and all negative except for MATCH_BONUS. The match argument, p[j,k], is given by equation (3), below: 
 p j, k p j− k− i j− k− d j− k− S j A k p j− , k− i j− , k− d j− , k− S j A k] 
     the insertion argument i[j,k], is given by equation (4), below: 
 i j,k p j− k i j− k d j− k 
     and the deletion argument d[j,k], is given by equation (5), below: 
 d j,k p j,k− i j,k− d j,k− 
     For all three arguments, the [0,0] element is set to zero to assure that the backtrack goes to completion, i.e., p[0,0]=[40,0]=d[0,0]=0. The scoring parameters are somewhat arbitrary, and can be adjusted to achieve the behavior of the computations. One example of the scoring parameter settings (Huang, Chapter 3:  Bio Sequence Comparison  Alignment Curr Top Comp Mol Biol.  MATCH_BONUS: 10 MISMATCH_PENALTY: −20 INSERTION_PENALTY: −40 OPENING_PENALTY: −10 DELETION_PENALTY: −5
 
     The relationship between the gap penalties (INSERTION_PENALTY, OPENING_PENALTY) above help limit the number of gap openings, i.e., favor grouping gaps together, by setting the gap insertion penalty higher than the gap opening cost. Of course, alternative relationships between MISMATCH_PENALTY, MATCH_BONUS, INSERTION_PENALTY, OPENING_PENALTY and DELETION_PENALTY are possible. While the alignment methods, described above, have been useful for assembling reads produced with next-generation sequencing techniques, they are complex and time-consuming. Additionally, these techniques are ill-suited for identifying the important nuances between diseased cells of varying disease states because the uncertainty due to aligning the reads to a common reference often drowns out small changes in the genome. SUMMARY The invention provides improved methods and systems for identifying mutations that are induced by, or associated with, disease, especially cancer. The methods allow specific changes associated with advanced stages of the disease to be easily differentiated from lesser diseased cells, thus providing insight into the relationship between the size and location of the mutations and progression of the disease. This insight can be used to identify disease progression in other patients, and the relationship also provides for faster and more accurate typing of samples later collected from the same patient to monitor for disease progression or recurrence. The invention employs multi-dimensional reference sequence constructs and alignment algorithms that allow new sequence samples to be simultaneously compared to multiple sequences relevant to the disease, thereby providing increased speed and accuracy in disease identification and typing. Furthermore, the reference sequence constructs of the invention accommodate structural variations, deletions, insertions, and polymorphisms between samples in a straightforward way, allowing a single construct to be assembled spanning an entire chromosome or the whole genome of a patient. Using a “look−back” type analysis, the described algorithms can also be used to align new reads in a multi-dimensional space including elements from sequences of various states of disease progression to provide more accurate alignment of sequence reads, while achieving lower error rates. Alternatively, constructs of the invention can be used to identify and/or study variations between individuals or cohorts having similar disease stages. In an embodiment, the invention is implemented by aligning sequence reads to a series of directed, acyclic sequences spanning branch points that account for sequence variation in the samples, including insertions, deletions, and substitutions. Such constructs, often represented as directed acyclic graphs (DAGs) can be assembled from existing variable sequence files or the constructs can be fabricated de novo using a standard reference as a starting point. Once a sequence construct has been fabricated to account for sequence variation among differently diseased samples, those constructs can be used to identify disease risk in new samples from the same individual or, in some instances, from other individuals. In particular, because portions of the sequence construct can be tagged with secondary information, such as “metastatic,” the subsequent step of comparing a mutation, vis-à-vis the reference genome, to a table of known mutations can be eliminated. Thus, it is merely a matter of identifying a sample as being aligned to sequences in the construct that are indicative of the disease or stage. Alternatively, when a mutation is not known (i.e., not represented in the reference sequence construct), an alignment will be found, whereby the variant can be identified as a new mutation. Thus, using this iterative process, it is possible to compare and/or identify differences between major and minor cancer clones, or between pre-cancerous and cancerous samples. The invention additionally includes systems for executing the methods of the invention. In one embodiment, a system comprises a distributed network of processors and storage capable of comparing a plurality of sequences (i.e., nucleic acid sequences, amino acid sequences) to a reference sequence construct (e.g., a DAG) representing observed variation in a genome or a region of a genome. The system is additionally capable of aligning the nucleic acid reads to produce a continuous sequence using an efficient alignment algorithm. Because the reference sequence construct compresses a great deal of redundant information, and because the alignment algorithm is so efficient, the reads can be tagged and assembled on an entire genome using commercially-available resources. The system comprises a plurality of processors that simultaneously execute a plurality of comparisons between a plurality of reads and the reference sequence construct. The comparison data may be accumulated and provided to a health care provider. Because the comparisons are computationally tractable, analyzing sequence reads will no longer represent a bottleneck between NGS sequencing and a meaningful discussion of a patient's genetic risks. 
 BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE FIGURES FIG.  1 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 FIG.  3 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 FIG.  5 FIG.  6 FIG.  7 FIG.  8 FIG.  9 FIG.  10 FIG.  11 DETAILED DESCRIPTION The invention includes methods and systems for identifying diseased-induced mutations by producing multi-dimensional reference sequence constructs that account for variations between individuals, different diseases, and different stages of those diseases. Once constructed, these reference sequence constructs can be used to align sequence reads corresponding to genetic samples from patients suspected of having a disease, or who have had the disease and are in suspected remission. The aligned sequences give immediate information about the nature of the samples, e.g., being of a metastatic nature. Thus, the reference sequence constructs can be used to monitor patients for recurrence or progression of a disease, such as cancer. The reference sequence constructs can also be used to study structural relationships between diseases and/or between disease states. The reference sequence constructs can be fabricated from previously determined variant files, or the reference sequence constructs can be created de novo, e.g., from samples originating from a patient. In some embodiments, the reference sequence constructs are directed acyclic graphs (DAG), as described below, however the reference sequence can be any representation reflecting genetic variability in the sequences of different organisms within a species, provided the construct is formatted for alignment. The genetic variability represented in the construct may be between different tissues or cells within an individual. The genetic variability represented in the construct may be between different individuals or between different organisms. The genetic variability represented in the construct may be between similar tissues or cells that are at different stages of a disease. In general, the reference sequence construct will comprise portions that are identical and portions that vary between sampled sequences. Accordingly, the constructs can be thought of as having positions (i.e., according to some canonical ordering) that comprise the same sequence(s) and some positions that comprise alternative sequences, reflecting genetic variability. The application additionally discloses methods for identifying a disease or a disease stage based upon alignment of a nucleic acid read to a location in the construct. The methods are broadly applicable to the fields of genetic sequencing and mutation screening. Reference Sequence Constructs Unlike prior art sequence alignment methods that use a single reference sequence to align and genotype nucleic acid reads, the invention uses a construct that can account for the variability in genetic sequences within a species, population, or even among different cells in a single organism. Representations of the genetic variation can be presented as directed acyclic graphs (DAGs) (discussed above) or row-column alignment matrices, and these constructs can be used with the alignment methods of the invention provided that the parameters of the alignment algorithms are set properly (discussed below). In preferred embodiments of the invention, the construct is a directed acyclic graph (DAG), i.e., having a direction and having no cyclic paths. (That is, a sequence path cannot travel through a position on the reference construct more than once.) In the DAG, genetic variation in a sequence is represented as alternate nodes. The nodes can be a section of conserved sequence or a gene, or simply a nucleic acid. The different possible paths through the construct represent known genetic variation. A DAG may be constructed for an entire genome of an organism, or the DAG may be constructed only for a portion of the genome, e.g., a chromosome, or smaller segment of genetic information. In some embodiments, the DAG represents greater than 1000 nucleic acids, e.g., greater than 10,000 nucleic acids, e.g., greater than 100,000 nucleic acids, e.g., greater than 1,000,000 nucleic acids. A DAG may represent a species (e.g., horno sapiens) or a selected population (e.g., women having breast cancer), or even smaller subpopulations, such as genetic variation among different tumor cells in the same individual. A simple example of DAG construction is shown in  FIG.  2 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 At the next step, a variant is added to the reference sequence, as shown in the bottom image of  FIG.  1 FIG.  1 In practice, the variants are called to the DAG by applying the entries in a variant call format (VCF) file, such as can be found at the 1000 Genomes Project website. Because each VCF file is keyed to a specific reference genome, it is not difficult to identify where the strings should be located. In fact, each entry in a VCF file can be thought of as combining with the reference to create separate graph, as displayed in  FIG.  3 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 FIG.  3 Moving to  FIG.  2 In practice, the DAGs are represented in computer memory (hard disk, FLASH, cloud memory, etc.) as a set of nodes, S, wherein each node is defined by a string, a set of parent nodes, and a position. The string is the node's “content,” i.e., sequence; the parent nodes define the node's position with respect to the other nodes in the graph; and the position of the node is relative to some canonical ordering in the system, e.g., the reference genome. While it is not strictly necessary to define the graph with respect to a reference sequence, it does make manipulation of the output data simpler. Of course, a further constraint on S is that it cannot include loops. In many embodiments, the nodes comprise a plurality of characters, as shown in  FIGS.  2 2 FIG.  3 Extrapolating this DAG method to larger structures, it is possible to construct DAGs that incorporate thousands of VCF entries representing the known variation in genetic sequences for a given region of a reference. Nonetheless, as a DAG becomes bulkier, the computations do take longer, and for many applications a smaller DAG is used that may only represent a portion of the sequence, e.g., a chromosome. In other embodiments, a DAG may be made smaller by reducing the size of the population that is covered by the DAG, for instance going from a DAG representing variation in breast cancer to a DAG representing variation in triple negative breast cancer. Alternatively, longer DAGs can be used that are customized based upon easily identified genetic markers that will typically result in a large portion of the DAG being consistent between samples. For example, aligning a set of nucleic acid reads from an African-ancestry female will be quicker against a DAG created with VCF entries from women of African ancestry as compared to a DAG accounting for all variations known in humans over the same sequence. It is to be recognized that the DAGs of the invention are dynamic constructs in that they can be modified over time to incorporate newly identified mutations. Additionally, algorithms in which the alignment results are recursively added to the DAG are also possible. In the instance of string-to-DAG alignment, the gap penalties can be adjusted to make gap insertions even more costly, thus favoring an alignment to a sequence rather than opening a new gap in the overall sequence. Of course, with improvements in the DAG (discussed above) the incidence of gaps should decrease even further because mutations are accounted for in the DAG. Alignment Algorithm In one embodiment, an algorithm is used to align sequence reads against a directed acyclic graph (DAG). In contrast to the algorithm expressed in the Background, the alignment algorithm identifies the maximum value for C i,j  The algorithm of the invention is carried out on a read (a.k.a. “string”) and a directed acyclic graph (DAG), discussed above. For the purpose of defining the algorithm, let S be the string being aligned, and let D be the directed acyclic graph to which S is being aligned. The elements of the string, S, are bracketed with indices beginning at 1. Thus, if S is the string ATCGAA, S[1]=A, S[4]=G, etc. For the DAG, each letter of the sequence of a node will be represented as a separate element, d. A predecessor of d is defined as: (i) If d is not the first letter of the sequence of its node, the letter preceding d in its node is its (only) predecessor; (ii) If d is the first letter of the sequence of its node, the last letter of the sequence of any node that is a parent of d′s node is a predecessor of d. The set of all predecessors is, in turn, represented as P[d]. In order to find the “best” alignment, the algorithm seeks the value of M[j,d], the score of the optimal alignment of the first j elements of S with the portion of the DAG preceding (and including) d. This step is similar to finding H i,j  
 where e=max{M[j, p*] +DELETE_PENALTY} for p* in P[d] i=MU-[1, d]+INSERT_PENALTY a=max{M[j−1, p*] +MATCH_SCORE} for p* in P[d], if S[j]=d; max{M[j−1, p*] +MISMATCH_PENALTY} for p* in P[d], if S[j]≈s As described above, e is the highest of the alignments of the first j characters of S with the portions of the DAG up to, but not including, d, plus an additional DELETE_PENALTY. Accordingly, if d is not the first letter of the sequence of the node, then there is only one predecessor, p, and the alignment score of the first j characters of S with the DAG (up-to-and-including p) is equivalent to M[j,p] +DELETE_PENALTY. In the instance where d is the first letter of the sequence of its node, there can be multiple possible predecessors, and because the DELETE_PENALTY is constant, maximizing [ MU, p*]+[DELETE_PENALTY] is the same as choosing the predecessor with the highest alignment score with the first j characters of S. In equation (6), i is the alignment of the first j−1 characters of the string S with the DAG up-to-and-including d, plus an INSERT_PENALTY, which is similar to the definition of the insertion argument in SW (see equation 1). Additionally, a is the highest of the alignments of the first j characters of S with the portions of the DAG up to, but not including d, plus either a MATCH_SCORE (if the jth character of S is the same as the character d) or a MISMATCH_PENALTY (if the jth character of S is not the same as the character d). As with e, this means that if d is not the first letter of the sequence of its node, then there is only one predecessor, i.e., p. That means a is the alignment score of the first j−1 characters of S with the DAG (up-to-and-including p), i.e., M[j−1,p], with either a MISMATCH_PENALTY or MATCH_SCORE added, depending upon whether d and the jth character of S match. In the instance where d is the first letter of the sequence of its node, there can be multiple possible predecessors. In this case, maximizing {M[j, p*]+MISMATCH_PENALTY or MATCH_SCORE} is the same as choosing the predecessor with the highest alignment score with the first j−1 characters of S (i.e., the highest of the candidate M[j−1*] arguments) and adding either a MISMATCH_PENALTY or a MATCH_SCORE depending on whether d and the jth character of S match. Again, as in the SW algorithm discussed in the Background, the penalties, e.g., DELETE_PENALTY, INSERT_PENALTY, MATCH_SCORE and MISMATCH_PENALTY, can be adjusted to encourage alignment with fewer gaps, etc. As described in the equations above, the algorithm finds the maximum value for each read by calculating not only the insertion, deletion, and match scores for that element, but looking backward (against the direction of the DAG) to any prior nodes on the DAG to find a maximum score. Thus, the algorithm is able to traverse the different paths through the DAG, which contain the known mutations. Because the graphs are directed, the backtracks, which move against the direction of the graph, follow the preferred variant sequence toward the origin of the graph, and the maximum alignment score identifies the most likely alignment within a high degree of certainty. While the equations above are represented as “maximum” values, “maximum” is intended to cover any form of optimization, including, for example, switching the signs on all of the equations and solving for a minimum value. Implementation of the disclosed algorithm is exemplified in  FIG.  4 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 Fabricating Constructs to Accommodate Disease Variability As mentioned above, the reference sequence construct can be prepared from existing variant files, or the construct can be prepared de novo, by comparing certain sampled sequences to a reference sequence. An example of such de novo construction is shown in  FIG.  5 Taking the example to the next level, the variants between the non-diseased and major clone sample can be incorporated into a new reference construct, “Reference with major clone” as shown in  FIG.  5 FIG.  6 FIG.  6 FIG.  6 This construct in  FIG.  6 The reference sequence construct shown in  FIG.  6 FIG.  7 FIG.  6 The process of aligning new samples to the reference sequence construct and then subsequently adding the newly-identified variants to the construct to create a new construct can be repeated indefinitely. In reality, because the reference sequence constructs are multivariate constructions stored on a non-transitory computer readable medium, the addition of new structures is trivial. Furthermore, the alignment of new reads to these highly complex reference constructs is computationally feasible and far less taxing than comparing new reads to each previous sequence individually. The process of aligning and improving on the constructs can be done in parallel, as shown in  FIG.  8 FIG.  9 Opportunities for Parallelization The sequential version of the Smith-Waterman-Gotoh algorithm has been adapted and significantly modified for massive parallelization. For example, an ASC model, called Smith-Waterman using Associative Massive Parallelism (SWAMP) is described in U.S. Patent Publication No. 2012/0239706, incorporated herein by reference in its entirety. Part of the parallelization for SWAMP (and other parallel processing systems) stems from the fact that the values along any anti-diagonal are independent of each other. Thus, all of the cells along a given anti-diagonal can be done in parallel to distribute the computational resources. The data dependencies shown in the above recursive equations limit the level of achievable parallelism but using a wavefront approach will still speed up this useful algorithm. A wavefront approach implemented by Wozniak ( Comput Appl in the Biosciences  In other implementations, Rognes and Seeberg ( Bioinformatics  Bioinformatics,  In the SSE work done by Farrar ( Bioinformatics,  Bioinformatics  Bioinformatics  Farrar ( Sequence Analysis,  BMC Res Notes  BMC Bioinformatics  Fund Inform.  Rognes ( BMC Bioinformatics  Eight Annual International Workshop on High Performance Computational Biology BMC Res Notes  GPU Computing Gems, Emerald Edition In other variations, small-scale vector parallelization (8, 16 or 32-way parallelism) can be used to make the calculations accessible via GPU implementations that align multiple sequences in parallel. The theoretical peak speedup for the calculations is a factor of m, which is optimal. A 96-fold speedup for the ClearSpeed implementation using 96 processing elements, confirming the theoretical speedup. Parallel Computing Models The main parallel model used to develop and extend Smith-Waterman sequence alignment is the ASsociative Computing (ASC) (Potter et al.,  Computer,  Some relevant vocabulary is defined here. Two terms of interest from Flynn's Taxonomy of computer architectures are MIMD and SIMD, two different models of parallel computing. A cluster of computers, classified as a multiple-instruction, multiple-data (MIMD) model is used as a proof-of-concept to overcome memory limitations in extremely large-scale alignments. Section 8 describes usage of the MIMD model. An extended data-parallel, single-instruction multiple-data (SIMD) model known as ASC is also described. Multiple Instruction, Multiple Data (MIMD) The multiple-data, multiple-instruction model or MIMD model describes the majority of parallel systems currently available, and include the currently popular cluster of computers. The MIMD processors have a full-fledged central processing unit (CPU), each with its own local memory (Quinn, Parallel Computing: Theory and Practice, 2nd ed., New York: McGraw-Hill, 1994). In contrast to the SIMD model, each of the MIMD processors stores and executes its own program asynchronously. The MIMD processors are connected via a network that allows them to communicate but the network used can vary widely, ranging from an Ethernet, Myrinet, and InfiniBand connection between machines (cluster nodes). The communications tend to employ a much looser communications structure than SIMDs, going outside of a single unit. The data is moved along the network asynchronously by individual processors under the control of their individual program they are executing. Typically, communication is handled by one of several different parallel languages that support message-passing. A very common library for this is known as the Message Passing Interface (MPI). Communication in a “SIMD-like” fashion is possible, but the data movements will be asynchronous. Parallel computations by MIMDs usually require extensive communication and frequent synchronizations unless the various tasks being executed by the processors are highly independent (i.e. the so-called “embarrassingly parallel” or “pleasingly parallel” problems). The work presented in Section 8 uses an AMD Opteron cluster connected via InfiniBand. Unlike SIMDs, the worst-case time required for the message-passing is difficult or impossible to predict. Typically, the message-passing execution time for MIMD software is determined using the average case estimates, which are often determined by trial, rather than by a worst case theoretical evaluation, which is typical for SIMDs. Since the worst case for MIMD software is often very bad and rarely occurs, average case estimates are much more useful. As a result, the communication time required for a MIMD on a particular problem can be and is usually significantly higher than for a SIMD. This leads to the important goal in MIMD programming (especially when message-passing is used) to minimize the number of inter-processor communications required and to maximize the amount of time between processor communications. This is true even at a single card acceleration level, such as using graphics processors or GPUs. Data-parallel programming is also an important technique for MIMD programming, but here all the tasks perform the same operation on different data and are only synchronized at various critical points. The majority of algorithms for MIMD systems are written in the Single-Program, Multiple-Data (SPMD) programming paradigm. Each processor has its own copy of the same program, executing the sections of the code specific to that processor or core on its local data. The popularity of the SPMD paradigm stems from the fact that it is quite difficult to write a large number of different programs that will be executed concurrently across different processors and still be able to cooperate on solving a single problem. Another approach used for memory-intensive but not compute-intensive problems is to create a virtual memory server, as is done with JumboMem, using the work presented in Section 8. This uses MPI in its underlying implementation. Single Instruction, Multiple Data (SIMD) The SIMD model consists of multiple, simple arithmetic processing elements called PEs. Each PE has its own local memory that it can fetch and store from, but it does not have the ability to compile or execute a program. As used herein, the term “parallel memory” refers to the local memories, collectively, in a computing system. For example, a parallel memory can be the collective of local memories in a SIMD computer system (e.g., the local memories of PEs), the collective of local memories of the processors in a MIMD computer system (e.g., the local memories of the central processing units) and the like. The compilation and execution of programs are handled by a processor called a control unit (or front end) (Quinn,  Parallel Computing: Theory and Practice,  All active PEs execute the program instructions received from the control unit synchronously in lockstep. “In any time unit, a single operation is in the same state of execution on multiple processing units, each manipulating different data” (Quinn,  Parallel Computing: Theory and Practice,  Data can be broadcast to all active PEs by the control unit and the control unit can also obtain data values from a particular PE using the connection (usually a bus) between the control unit and the PEs. Additionally, the set of PE are connected by an interconnection network, such as a linear array, 2-D mesh, or hypercube that provides parallel data movement between the PEs. Data is moved through this network in synchronous parallel fashion by the PEs, which execute the instructions including data movement, in lockstep. It is the control unit that broadcasts the instructions to the PEs. In particular, the SIMD network does not use the message-passing paradigm used by most parallel computers today. An important advantage of this is that SIMD network communication is extremely efficient and the maximum time required for the communication can be determined by the worst-case time of the algorithm controlling that particular communication. The remainder of this section is devoted to describing the extended SIMD ASC model. ASC is at the center of the algorithm design and development for this discussion. Associative Computing Model The ASsocative Computing (ASC) model is an extended SIMD based on the STARAN associative SIMD computer, designed by Dr. Kenneth Batcher at Goodyear Aerospace and its heavily Navy-utilized successor, the ASPRO. Developed within the Department of Computer Science at Kent State University, ASC is an algorithmic model for associative computing (Potter et al., Computer, 27(11):19-25, 1994) (Potter,  Associative Computing: A Programming Paradigm for Massively Parallel Computers, Plenum Publishing,  As an extended SIMD model, ASC uses synchronous data-parallel programming, avoiding both multi-tasking and asynchronous point-to-point communication routing. Multi-tasking is unnecessary since only one task is executed at any time, with multiple instances of this task executed in lockstep on all active processing elements (PEs). ASC, like SIMD programmers, avoid problems involving load balancing, synchronization, and dynamic task scheduling, issues that must be explicitly handled in MPI and other MIMD cluster paradigms. FIG.  10 As seen in  FIG.  10 Computer,  The tabular nature of the algorithm lends itself to computation using ASC due to the natural tabular structure of ASC data structures. Highly efficient communication across the PE interconnection network for the lockstep shifting of data of the north and northwest neighbors, and the fast constant time associative functions for searching and for maximums across the parallel computations are well utilized by SWAMP The associative operations are executed in constant time (Jin et al., 15th  International Parallel and Distributed Processing Symposium  Parallel and Distributed Computing Systems  J. of Parallel and Distributed Computing  JPDC The control unit fetches and decodes program instructions and broadcasts control signals to the PEs. The PEs, under the direction of the control unit, execute these instructions using their own local data. All PEs execute instructions in a lockstep manner, with an implicit synchronization between instructions. ASC has several relevant high-speed global operations: associative search, maximum/minimum search, and responder selection/detection. These are described in the following section. Associative Functions The functions relevant to the SWAMP algorithms are discussed below. Associative Search The basic operation in an ASC algorithm is the associative search. An associative search simultaneously locates the PEs whose local data matches a given search key. Those PEs that have matching data are called responders and those with non-matching data are called non-responders. After performing a search, the algorithm can then restrict further processing to only affect the responders by disabling the non-responders (or vice versa). Performing additional searches may further refine the set of responders. Associative search is heavily utilized by SWAMP+in selecting which PEs are active within a parallel act within a diagonal. Maximum/Minimum Search In addition to simple searches, where each PE compares its local data against a search key using a standard comparison operator (equal, less than, etc.), an associative computer can also perform global searches, where data from the entire PE array is combined together to determine the set of responders. The most common type of global search is the maximum/minimum search, where the responders are those PEs whose data is the maximum or minimum value across the entire PE array. The maximum value is used by SWAMP+ in every diagonal it processes to track the highest value calculated so far. Use of the maximum search occurs frequently, once in a logical parallel act, m+n times per alignment. Responder Selection/Detection An associative search can result in multiple responders and an associative algorithm can process those responders in one of three different modes: parallel, sequential, or single selection. Parallel responder processing performs the same set of operations on each responder simultaneously. Sequential responder processing selects each responder individually, allowing a different set of operations for each responder. Single responder selection (also known as pickOne) selects one, arbitrarily chosen, responder to undergo processing. In addition to multiple responders, it is also possible for an associative search to result in no responders. To handle this case, the ASC model can detect whether there were any responders to a search and perform a separate set of actions in that case (known as anyResponders). In SWAMP, multiple responders that contain characters to be aligned are selected and processed in parallel, based on the associative searches mentioned above. Single responder selection occurs if and when there are multiple values that have the exact same maximum value when using the maximum/minimum search. PE Interconnection Network Most associative processors include some type of PE interconnection network to allow parallel data movement within the array. The ASC model itself does not specify any particular interconnection network and, in fact, many useful associative algorithms do not require one. Typically associative processors implement simple networks such as 1D linear arrays or 2D meshes. These networks are simple to implement and allow data to be transferred quickly in a synchronous manner. The 1D linear array is sufficient for the explicit communication between PEs in the SWAMP algorithms, for example. Parallel Computing Systems A generalized parallel processing architecture is shown in  FIG.  11 Computer architectures in which each element of main memory can be accessed with equal latency and bandwidth are known as Uniform Memory Access (UMA) systems. Typically, that can be achieved only by a shared memory system, in which the memory is not physically distributed. A system that does not have this property is known as a Non-Uniform Memory Access (NUMA) architecture. Distributed memory systems have non-uniform memory access. Processor—processor and processor—memory communication can be implemented in hardware in several ways, including via shared (either multiported or multiplexed) memory, a crossbar switch, a shared bus or an interconnect network of a myriad of topologies including star, ring, tree, hypercube, fat hypercube (a hypercube with more than one processor at a node), or n-dimensional mesh. Parallel computers based on interconnected networks must incorporate routing to enable the passing of messages between nodes that are not directly connected. The medium used for communication between the processors is likely to be hierarchical in large multiprocessor machines. Such resources are commercially available for purchase for dedicated use, or these resources can be accessed via “the cloud,” e.g., Amazon Cloud Computing. A computer generally includes a processor coupled to a memory via a bus. Memory can include RAM or ROM and preferably includes at least one tangible, non-transitory medium storing instructions executable to cause the system to perform functions described herein. As one skilled in the art would recognize as necessary or best-suited for performance of the methods of the invention, systems of the invention include one or more processors (e.g., a central processing unit (CPU), a graphics processing unit (GPU), etc.), computer-readable storage devices (e.g., main memory, static memory, etc.), or combinations thereof which communicate with each other via a bus. A processor may be any suitable processor known in the art, such as the processor sold under the trademark XEON E7 by Intel (Santa Clara, Calif.) or the processor sold under the trademark OPTERON 6200 by AMD (Sunnyvale, Calif.). Memory may refer to a computer-readable storage device and can include any machine-readable medium on which is stored one or more sets of instructions (e.g., software embodying any methodology or function found herein), data (e.g., embodying any tangible physical objects such as the genetic sequences found in a patient's chromosomes), or both. While the computer-readable storage device can in an exemplary embodiment be a single medium, the term “computer-readable storage device” should be taken to include a single medium or multiple media (e.g., a centralized or distributed database, and/or associated caches and servers) that store the one or more sets of instructions or data. The term “computer-readable storage device” shall accordingly be taken to include, without limit, solid-state memories (e.g., subscriber identity module (SIM) card, secure digital card (SD card), micro SD card, or solid-state drive (SSD)), optical and magnetic media, and any other tangible storage media. Preferably, a computer-readable storage device includes a tangible, non-transitory medium. Such non-transitory media excludes, for example, transitory waves and signals. “Non-transitory memory” should be interpreted to exclude computer readable transmission media, such as signals, per se. Input/output devices according to the invention may include a video display unit (e.g., a liquid crystal display (LCD) or a cathode ray tube (CRT) monitor), an alphanumeric input device (e.g., a keyboard), a cursor control device (e.g., a mouse or trackpad), a disk drive unit, a signal generation device (e.g., a speaker), a touchscreen, an accelerometer, a microphone, a cellular radio frequency antenna, and a network interface device, which can be, for example, a network interface card (NIC), Wi-Fi card, or cellular modem. Sample Acquisition and Preparation The invention includes methods for producing sequences (e.g., nucleic acid sequences, amino acid sequences) corresponding to nucleic acids recovered from biological samples. In some embodiments the resulting information can be used to identify mutations present in nucleic acid material obtained from a subject. In some embodiments, a sample, i.e., nucleic acids (e.g. DNA or RNA) are obtained from a subject, the nucleic acids are processed (lysed, amplified, and/or purified) and the nucleic acids are sequenced using a method described below. In many embodiments, the result of the sequencing is not a linear nucleic acid sequence, but a collection of thousands or millions of individual short nucleic acid reads that must be re-assembled into a sequence for the subject. Once the reads are aligned to produce a sequence, the aligned sequence can be compared to reference sequences to identify mutations that may be indicative of disease, for example. In other embodiments, the subject may be identified with particular mutations based upon the alignment of the reads against a reference sequence construct, i.e., a directed acyclic graph (“DAG”) as described above. For any of the above purposes, methods may be applied to biological samples. The biological samples may, for example, comprise samples of blood, whole blood, blood plasma, tears, nipple aspirate, serum, stool, urine, saliva, circulating cells, tissue, biopsy samples, hair follicle or other samples containing biological material of the patient. One issue in conducting tests based on such samples is that, in most cases only a tiny amount of DNA or RNA containing a mutation of interest may be present in a sample. This is especially true in non-invasive samples, such as a buccal swab or a blood sample, where the mutant nucleic acids are present in very small amounts. In some embodiments, the nucleic acid fragments may be naturally short, that is, random shearing of relevant nucleic acids in the sample can generate short fragments. In other embodiments, the nucleic acids are purposely fragmented for ease of processing or because the sequencing techniques can only sequence reads of less than 1000 bases, e.g., less than 500 bases, e.g., less than 200 bases, e.g., less than 100 bases, e.g., less than 50 bases. While the methods described herein can be used to align sequences of varying length, in some embodiments, the majority of the plurality of nucleic acid reads will follow from the sequencing method and comprise less than 1000 bases, e.g., less than 500 bases, e.g., less than 200 bases, e.g., less than 100 bases, e.g., less than 50 bases. Nucleic acids may be obtained by methods known in the art. Generally, nucleic acids can be extracted from a biological sample by a variety of techniques such as those described by Maniatis, et al., Molecular Cloning: A Laboratory Manual, Cold Spring Harbor, N. Y., pp. 280-281, (1982), the contents of which is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. It may be necessary to first prepare an extract of the sample and then perform further steps—i.e., differential precipitation, column chromatography, extraction with organic solvents and the like—in order to obtain a sufficiently pure preparation of nucleic acid. Extracts may be prepared using standard techniques in the art, for example, by chemical or mechanical lysis of the cell. Extracts then may be further treated, for example, by filtration and/or centrifugation and/or with chaotropic salts such as guanidinium isothiocyanate or urea or with organic solvents such as phenol and/or HCCl3 to denature any contaminating and potentially interfering proteins. In some embodiments, the sample may comprise RNA, e.g., mRNA, collected from a subject sample, e.g., a blood sample. General methods for RNA extraction are well known in the art and are disclosed in standard textbooks of molecular biology, including Ausubel et al., Current Protocols of Molecular Biology, John Wiley and Sons (1997). Methods for RNA extraction from paraffin embedded tissues are disclosed, for example, in Rupp and Locker, Lab Invest. 56:A67 (1987), and De Andres et al., BioTechniques 18:42044 (1995). The contents of each of these references is incorporated by reference herein in their entirety. In particular, RNA isolation can be performed using a purification kit, buffer set and protease from commercial manufacturers, such as Qiagen, according to the manufacturer's instructions. For example, total RNA from cells in culture can be isolated using Qiagen RNeasy mini-columns. Other commercially available RNA isolation kits include MASTERPURE Complete DNA and RNA Purification Kit (EPICENTRE, Madison, Wis.), and Paraffin Block RNA Isolation Kit (Ambion, Inc.). Total RNA from tissue samples can be isolated using RNA Stat-60 (Tel-Test). RNA prepared from tumor can be isolated, for example, by cesium chloride density gradient centrifugation. Analytical Sequencing Sequencing may be by any method known in the art. DNA sequencing techniques include classic dideoxy sequencing reactions (Sanger method) using labeled terminators or primers and gel separation in slab or capillary, sequencing by synthesis using reversibly terminated labeled nucleotides, pyrosequencing, 454 sequencing, allele specific hybridization to a library of labeled oligonucleotide probes, sequencing by synthesis using allele specific hybridization to a library of labeled clones that is followed by ligation, real time monitoring of the incorporation of labeled nucleotides during a polymerization step, polony sequencing, and SOLiD sequencing. Sequencing of separated molecules has more recently been demonstrated by sequential or single extension reactions using polymerases or ligases as well as by single or sequential differential hybridizations with libraries of probes. Prior to sequencing it may be additionally beneficial to amplify some or all of the nucleic acids in the sample. In some embodiments, the nucleic acids are amplified using polymerase chain reactions (PCR) techniques known in the art. One example of a sequencing technology that can be used in the methods of the provided invention is Illumina sequencing (e.g., the MiSeg™ platform), which is a polymerase-based sequence-by-synthesis that may be utilized to amplify DNA or RNA. Illumina sequencing for DNA is based on the amplification of DNA on a solid surface using fold-back PCR and anchored primers. Genomic DNA is fragmented, and adapters are added to the 5′ and 3′ ends of the fragments. DNA fragments that are attached to the surface of flow cell channels are extended and bridge amplified. The fragments become double stranded, and the double stranded molecules are denatured. Multiple cycles of the solid-phase amplification followed by denaturation can create several million clusters of approximately 1,000 copies of single-stranded DNA molecules of the same template in each channel of the flow cell. Primers, DNA polymerase and four fluorophore-labeled, reversibly terminating nucleotides are used to perform sequential sequencing. After nucleotide incorporation, a laser is used to excite the fluorophores, and an image is captured and the identity of the first base is recorded. The 3′ terminators and fluorophores from each incorporated base are removed and the incorporation, detection and identification steps are repeated. When using Illumina sequencing to detect RNA the same method applies except RNA fragments are being isolated and amplified in order to determine the RNA expression of the sample. After the sequences are interrogated with the sequencer, they may be output in a data file, such as a FASTQ file, which is a text-based format for storing biological sequence and quality scores (see discussion above). Another example of a DNA sequencing technique that may be used in the methods of the provided invention is Ion Torrent™ sequencing, offered by Life Technologies. See U.S. patent application numbers 2009/0026082, 2009/0127589, 2010/0035252, 2010/0137143, 2010/0188073, 2010/0197507, 2010/0282617, 2010/0300559, 2010/0300895, 2010/0301398, and 2010/0304982, the content of each of which is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. In Ion Torrent™ sequencing, DNA is sheared into fragments of approximately 300-800 base pairs, and the fragments are blunt ended. Oligonucleotide adaptors are then ligated to the ends of the fragments. The adaptors serve as primers for amplification and sequencing of the fragments. The fragments can be attached to a surface and is attached at a resolution such that the fragments are individually resolvable. Addition of one or more nucleotides releases a proton (H + Another example of a DNA and RNA sequencing technique that can be used in the methods of the provided invention is 454™ sequencing (Roche) (Margulies, M et al. 2005, Nature, 437, 376-380). 454™ sequencing is a sequencing-by-synthesis technology that utilizes also utilizes pyrosequencing. 454™ sequencing of DNA involves two steps. In the first step, DNA is sheared into fragments of approximately 300-800 base pairs, and the fragments are blunt ended. Oligonucleotide adaptors are then ligated to the ends of the fragments. The adaptors serve as primers for amplification and sequencing of the fragments. The fragments can be attached to DNA capture beads, e.g., streptavidin-coated beads using, e.g., Adaptor B, which contains 5′-biotin tag. The fragments attached to the beads are PCR amplified within droplets of an oil-water emulsion. The result is multiple copies of clonally amplified DNA fragments on each bead. In the second step, the beads are captured in wells (pico-liter sized). Pyrosequencing is performed on each DNA fragment in parallel. Addition of one or more nucleotides generates a light signal that is recorded by a CCD camera in a sequencing instrument. The signal strength is proportional to the number of nucleotides incorporated. Pyrosequencing makes use of pyrophosphate (PPi) which is released upon nucleotide addition. PPi is converted to ATP by ATP sulfurylase in the presence of adenosine 5′ phosphosulfate. Luciferase uses ATP to convert luciferin to oxyluciferin, and this reaction generates light that is detected and analyzed. In another embodiment, pyrosequencing is used to measure gene expression. Pyrosequecing of RNA applies similar to pyrosequencing of DNA, and is accomplished by attaching applications of partial rRNA gene sequencings to microscopic beads and then placing the attachments into individual wells. The attached partial rRNA sequence are then amplified in order to determine the gene expression profile. Sharon Marsh, Pyrosequencing® Protocols in Methods in Molecular Biology, Vol. 373, 15-23 (2007). Another example of a DNA and RNA detection techniques that may be used in the methods of the provided invention is SOLiD™ technology (Applied Biosystems). SOLiD™ technology systems is a ligation based sequencing technology that may utilized to run massively parallel next generation sequencing of both DNA and RNA. In DNA SOLiD™ sequencing, genomic DNA is sheared into fragments, and adaptors are attached to the 5′ and 3′ ends of the fragments to generate a fragment library. Alternatively, internal adaptors can be introduced by ligating adaptors to the 5′ and 3′ ends of the fragments, circularizing the fragments, digesting the circularized fragment to generate an internal adaptor, and attaching adaptors to the 5′ and 3′ ends of the resulting fragments to generate a mate-paired library. Next, clonal bead populations are prepared in microreactors containing beads, primers, template, and PCR components. Following PCR, the templates are denatured and beads are enriched to separate the beads with extended templates. Templates on the selected beads are subjected to a 3′ modification that permits bonding to a glass slide. The sequence can be determined by sequential hybridization and ligation of partially random oligonucleotides with a central determined base (or pair of bases) that is identified by a specific fluorophore. After a color is recorded, the ligated oligonucleotide is cleaved and removed and the process is then repeated. In other embodiments, SOLiD™ Serial Analysis of Gene Expression (SAGE) is used to measure gene expression. Serial analysis of gene expression (SAGE) is a method that allows the simultaneous and quantitative analysis of a large number of gene transcripts, without the need of providing an individual hybridization probe for each transcript. First, a short sequence tag (about 10-14 bp) is generated that contains sufficient information to uniquely identify a transcript, provided that the tag is obtained from a unique position within each transcript. Then, many transcripts are linked together to form long serial molecules, that can be sequenced, revealing the identity of the multiple tags simultaneously. The expression pattern of any population of transcripts can be quantitatively evaluated by determining the abundance of individual tags, and identifying the gene corresponding to each tag. For more details see, e.g. Velculescu et al., Science 270:484 487 (1995); and Velculescu et al., Cell 88:243 51 (1997, the contents of each of which are incorporated by reference herein in their entirety). Another sequencing technique that can be used in the methods of the provided invention includes, for example, Helicos True Single Molecule Sequencing (tSMS) (Harris T. D. et al. (2008) Science 320:106-109). In the tSMS technique, a DNA sample is cleaved into strands of approximately 100 to 200 nucleotides, and a polyA sequence is added to the 3′ end of each DNA strand. Each strand is labeled by the addition of a fluorescently labeled adenosine nucleotide. The DNA strands are then hybridized to a flow cell, which contains millions of oligo-T capture sites that are immobilized to the flow cell surface. The templates can be at a density of about 100 million templates/cm 2 Another example of a sequencing technology that may be used in the methods of the provided invention includes the single molecule, real-time (SMRT) technology of Pacific Biosciences to sequence both DNA and RNA. In SMRT, each of the four DNA bases is attached to one of four different fluorescent dyes. These dyes are phospholinked. A single DNA polymerase is immobilized with a single molecule of template single stranded DNA at the bottom of a zero-mode waveguide (ZMW). A ZMW is a confinement structure which enables observation of incorporation of a single nucleotide by DNA polymerase against the background of fluorescent nucleotides that rapidly diffuse in an out of the ZMW (in microseconds). It takes several milliseconds to incorporate a nucleotide into a growing strand. During this time, the fluorescent label is excited and produces a fluorescent signal, and the fluorescent tag is cleaved off. Detection of the corresponding fluorescence of the dye indicates which base was incorporated. The process is repeated. In order to sequence RNA, the DNA polymerase is replaced with a with a reverse transcriptase in the ZMW, and the process is followed accordingly. Another example of a sequencing technique that can be used in the methods of the provided invention is nanopore sequencing (Soni G V and Meller, AClin Chem 53: 1996-2001) (2007). A nanopore is a small hole, of the order of 1 nanometer in diameter. Immersion of a nanopore in a conducting fluid and application of a potential across it results in a slight electrical current due to conduction of ions through the nanopore. The amount of current which flows is sensitive to the size of the nanopore. As a DNA molecule passes through a nanopore, each nucleotide on the DNA molecule obstructs the nanopore to a different degree. Thus, the change in the current passing through the nanopore as the DNA molecule passes through the nanopore represents a reading of the DNA sequence. Another example of a sequencing technique that can be used in the methods of the provided invention involves using a chemical-sensitive field effect transistor (chemFET) array to sequence DNA (for example, as described in US Patent Application Publication No. 20090026082). In one example of the technique, DNA molecules can be placed into reaction chambers, and the template molecules can be hybridized to a sequencing primer bound to a polymerase. Incorporation of one or more triphosphates into a new nucleic acid strand at the 3′ end of the sequencing primer can be detected by a change in current by a chemFET. An array can have multiple chemFET sensors. In another example, single nucleic acids can be attached to beads, and the nucleic acids can be amplified on the bead, and the individual beads can be transferred to individual reaction chambers on a chemFET array, with each chamber having a chemFET sensor, and the nucleic acids can be sequenced. Another example of a sequencing technique that can be used in the methods of the provided invention involves using an electron microscope (Moudrianakis E. N. and Beer M. Proc Natl Acad Sci USA. 1965 March; 53:564-71). In one example of the technique, individual DNA molecules are labeled using metallic labels that are distinguishable using an electron microscope. These molecules are then stretched on a flat surface and imaged using an electron microscope to measure sequences. Additional detection methods can utilize binding to microarrays for subsequent fluorescent or non-fluorescent detection, barcode mass detection using a mass spectrometric methods, detection of emitted radiowaves, detection of scattered light from aligned barcodes, fluorescence detection using quantitative PCR or digital PCR methods. A comparative nucleic acid hybridization array is a technique for detecting copy number variations within the patient's sample DNA. The sample DNA and a reference DNA are differently labeled using distinct fluorophores, for example, and then hybridized to numerous probes. The fluorescent intensity of the sample and reference is then measured, and the fluorescent intensity ratio is then used to calculate copy number variations. Methods of comparative genomic hybridization array are discussed in more detail in Shinawi M, Cheung SW The array CGH and its clinical applications, Drug Discovery Today 13 (17-18): 760-70. Microarray detection may not produce a FASTQ file directly, however programs are available to convert the data produced by the microarray sequencers to a FASTQ, or similar, format. Another method of detecting DNA molecules, RNA molecules, and copy number is fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH). In Situ Hybridization Protocols (Ian Darby ed., 2000). FISH is a molecular cytogenetic technique that detects specific chromosomal rearrangements such as mutations in a DNA sequence and copy number variances. A DNA molecule is chemically denatured and separated into two strands. A single stranded probe is then incubated with a denatured strand of the DNA. The signals stranded probe is selected depending target sequence portion and has a high affinity to the complementary sequence portion. Probes may include a repetitive sequence probe, a whole chromosome probe, and locus-specific probes. While incubating, the combined probe and DNA strand are hybridized. The results are then visualized and quantified under a microscope in order to assess any variations. In another embodiment, a MassARRAY™-based gene expression profiling method is used to measure gene expression. In the MassARRAY™-based gene expression profiling method, developed by Sequenom, Inc. (San Diego, Calif.) following the isolation of RNA and reverse transcription, the obtained cDNA is spiked with a synthetic DNA molecule (competitor), which matches the targeted cDNA region in all positions, except a single base, and serves as an internal standard. The cDNA/competitor mixture is PCR amplified and is subjected to a post-PCR shrimp alkaline phosphatase (SAP) enzyme treatment, which results in the dephosphorylation of the remaining nucleotides. After inactivation of the alkaline phosphatase, the PCR products from the competitor and cDNA are subjected to primer extension, which generates distinct mass signals for the competitor- and cDNA-derives PCR products. After purification, these products are dispensed on a chip array, which is pre-loaded with components needed for analysis with matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF MS) analysis. The cDNA present in the reaction is then quantified by analyzing the ratios of the peak areas in the mass spectrum generated. For further details see, e.g. Ding and Cantor, Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 100:3059 3064 (2003). Further PCR-based techniques include, for example, differential display (Liang and Pardee, Science 257:967 971 (1992)); amplified fragment length polymorphism (iAFLP) (Kawamoto et al., Genome Res. 12:1305 1312 (1999)); BeadArray™ technology (Illumina, San Diego, Calif.; Oliphant et al., Discovery of Markers for Disease (Supplement to Biotechniques), June 2002; Ferguson et al., Analytical Chemistry 72:5618 (2000)); Beads Array for Detection of Gene Expression (BADGE), using the commercially available Luminex100 LabMAP system and multiple color-coded microspheres (Luminex Corp., Austin, Tex.) in a rapid assay for gene expression (Yang et al., Genome Res. 11:1888 1898 (2001)); and high coverage expression profiling (HiCEP) analysis (Fukumura et al., Nucl. Acids. Res. 31(16) e94 (2003)). The contents of each of which are incorporated by reference herein in their entirety. In certain embodiments, variances in gene expression can also be identified, or confirmed using a microarray techniques, including nylon membrane arrays, microchip arrays and glass slide arrays, e.g., such as available commercially from Affymetrix (Santa Clara, Calif.). Generally, RNA samples are isolated and converted into labeled cDNA via reverse transcription. The labeled cDNA is then hybridized onto either a nylon membrane, microchip, or a glass slide with specific DNA probes from cells or tissues of interest. The hybridized cDNA is then detected and quantified, and the resulting gene expression data may be compared to controls for analysis. The methods of labeling, hybridization, and detection vary depending on whether the microarray support is a nylon membrane, microchip, or glass slide. Nylon membrane arrays are typically hybridized with P-dNTP labeled probes. Glass slide arrays typically involve labeling with two distinct fluorescently labeled nucleotides. Methods for making microarrays and determining gene product expression (e.g., RNA or protein) are shown in Yeatman et al. (U.S. patent application number 2006/0195269), the content of which is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. In some embodiments, mass spectrometry (MS) analysis can be used alone or in combination with other methods (e.g., immunoassays or RNA measuring assays) to determine the presence and/or quantity of the one or more biomarkers disclosed herein in a biological sample. In some embodiments, the MS analysis includes matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization (MALDI) time-of-flight (TOF) MS analysis, such as for example direct-spot MALDI-TOF or liquid chromatography MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry analysis. In some embodiments, the MS analysis comprises electrospray ionization (ESI) MS, such as for example liquid chromatography (LC) ESI-MS. Mass analysis can be accomplished using commercially-available spectrometers. Methods for utilizing MS analysis, including MALDI-TOF MS and ESI-MS, to detect the presence and quantity of biomarker peptides in biological samples are known in the art. See for example U.S. Pat. Nos. 6,925,389; 6,989,100; and 6,890,763 for further guidance, each of which is incorporated by reference herein in their entirety. Protein sequences for use with the methods, sequence constructs, and systems of the invention can be determined using a number of techniques known to those skilled in the relevant art. For example, amino acid sequences and amino acid sequence reads may be produced by analyzing a protein or a portion of a protein with mass spectrometry or using Edman degradation. Mass spectrometry may include, for example, matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization (MALDI) time-of-flight (TOF) MS analysis, such as for example direct-spot MALDI-TOF or liquid chromatography MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry analysis, electrospray ionization (ESI) MS, such as for example liquid chromatography (LC) ESI-MS, or other techniques such as MS-MS. Edman degradation analysis may be performed using commercial instruments such as the Model 49X Procise protein/peptide sequencer (Applied Biosystems/Life Technologies). The sequenced amino acid sequences, i.e., polypeptides, i.e., proteins, may be at least 10 amino acids in length, e.g., at least 20 amino acids in length, e.g., at least 50 amino acids in length. Incorporation by Reference References and citations to other documents, such as patents, patent applications, patent publications, journals, books, papers, web contents, have been made throughout this disclosure. All such documents are hereby incorporated herein by reference in their entirety for all purposes. Equivalents Various modifications of the invention and many further embodiments thereof, in addition to those shown and described herein, will become apparent to those skilled in the art from the full contents of this document, including references to the scientific and patent literature cited herein. The subject matter herein contains important information, exemplification and guidance that can be adapted to the practice of this invention in its various embodiments and equivalents thereof. 
 
 1 20 
 21 using at least one computer hardware processor to perform:
 obtaining, from at least one non-transitory computer-readable storage medium, a graph data structure representing a reference sequence and genetic variation of the reference sequence, wherein a first path through the graph data structure represents a first sequence associated with a first string of one or more symbols and a second path through the graph data structure represents a second sequence associated with a second string of one or more symbols, the first sequence representing at least a first portion of the reference sequence and the second sequence representing a first genetic variation from the at least the first portion of the reference sequence, the first genetic variation being associated with the cancer; obtaining a plurality of sequence reads previously obtained from a genetic sample from a subject, wherein the genetic sample is associated with the advanced stage of the cancer; aligning a first sequence read of the plurality of sequence reads to the graph data structure, the aligning comprising:
 determining a plurality of scores corresponding to a respective plurality of alignments between the first sequence read and the graph data structure, the plurality of scores including a first score corresponding to a first alignment between the first sequence read and at least a first portion of the graph data structure, the first score being determined based on a degree of overlap between the first sequence read and the first string and a degree of overlap between the first sequence read and the second string; and identifying one or more differences between the first sequence read and at least a portion of the graph data structure against which the first sequence read is aligned, wherein the one or more differences represent the one or more mutations associated with the advanced stage of the cancer. 
 22 claim 21 updating the graph data structure, the updating comprising:
 representing, in the graph data structure, the identified one or more differences between the first sequence read and the at least the portion of the graph data structure. 
 23 claim 22 
 24 claim 22 obtaining a second plurality of sequence reads previously obtained from a second genetic sample; and aligning at least one sequence read of the second plurality of sequence reads to the updated graph data structure. 
 25 claim 21 where identifying the one or more differences between the first sequence read and the at least the portion of the graph data structure comprises:
 comparing the first sequence read to the sequence represented by the at least the portion of the graph data structure. 
 26 claim 21 determining whether the at least the portion of the graph data structure comprises at least a portion of the second path through the graph data structure; and determining that the one or more differences represent the one or more mutations associated with the advanced stage of the cancer when the at least the portion of the graph data structure comprises the at least the portion of the second path. 
 27 claim 21 
 28 claim 21 
 29 claim 28 
 30 claim 29 
 31 claim 21 aligning a second sequence read of the plurality of sequence reads to the graph data structure; and identifying one or more second differences between the second sequence read and at least a second portion of the graph data structure against which the second sequence read is aligned, wherein the one or more second differences represent one or more second mutations associated with the advanced stage of the cancer. 
 32 claim 21 determining, based on a presence of the one or more mutations associated with the advanced stage of the cancer, whether the subject should undergo additional testing. 
 33 claim 21 
 34 claim 21 
 35 claim 21 
 36 claim 21 
 37 claim 21 
 38 claim 21 
 39 at least one computer hardware processor; and at least one non-transitory computer-readable storage medium storing processor-executable instructions that, when executed by the at least one computer hardware processor, cause the at least one computer hardware processor to perform:
 obtaining, from at least one non-transitory computer-readable storage medium, a graph data structure representing a reference sequence and genetic variation of the reference sequence, wherein a first path through the graph data structure represents a first sequence associated with a first string of one or more symbols and a second path through the graph data structure represents a second sequence associated with a second string of one or more symbols, the first sequence representing at least a first portion of the reference sequence and the second sequence representing a first genetic variation from the at least the first portion of the reference sequence, the first genetic variation being associated with the cancer; obtaining a plurality of sequence reads previously-obtained from a genetic sample, wherein the genetic sample is associated with the advanced stage of the cancer; aligning a first sequence read of the plurality of sequence reads to the graph data structure, the aligning comprising:
 determining a plurality of scores corresponding to a respective plurality of alignments between the first sequence read and the graph data structure, the plurality of scores including a first score corresponding to a first alignment between the first sequence read and at least a first portion of the graph data structure, the first score being determined based on a degree of overlap between the first sequence read and the first string and a degree of overlap between the first sequence read and the second string; and identifying, based on results of the aligning, one or more differences between the first sequence read and at least a portion of the graph data structure, wherein the one or more differences represent the one or more mutations associated with the advanced stage of the cancer. 
 40 obtaining, from at least one non-transitory computer-readable storage medium, a graph data structure representing a reference sequence and genetic variation of the reference sequence, wherein a first path through the graph data structure represents a first sequence associated with a first string of one or more symbols and a second path through the graph data structure represents a second sequence associated with a second string of one or more symbols, the first sequence representing at least a first portion of the reference sequence and the second sequence representing a first genetic variation from the at least the first portion of the reference sequence, the first genetic variation being associated with the cancer; obtaining a plurality of sequence reads previously-obtained from a genetic sample, wherein the genetic sample is associated with the advanced stage of the cancer;
 aligning a first sequence read of the plurality of sequence reads to the graph data structure, the aligning comprising: determining a plurality of scores corresponding to a respective plurality of alignments between the first sequence read and the graph data structure, the plurality of scores including a first score corresponding to a first alignment between the first sequence read and at least a first portion of the graph data structure, the first score being determined based on a degree of overlap between the first sequence read and the first string and a degree of overlap between the first sequence read and the second string; and identifying, based on results of the aligning, one or more differences between the first sequence read and at least a portion of the graph data structure, wherein the one or more differences represent the one or more mutations associated with the advanced stage of the cancer. 
 The invention includes methods and systems for identifying diseased-induced mutations by producing multi-dimensional reference sequence constructs that account for variations between individuals, different diseases, and different stages of those diseases. Once constructed, these reference sequence constructs can be used to align sequence reads corresponding to genetic samples from patients suspected of having a disease, or who have had the disease and are in suspected remission. The reference sequence constructs also provide insight to the genetic progression of the disease.


 CROSS REFERENCE TO THE RELATED APPLICATIONS This application is based upon and claims priority to Chinese Patent Applications No.: 202110796789.6, filed on Jul. 14, 2021, No.: 202110688122.4, filed on Jun. 21, 2021, and No.: 202110687624.5, filed on Jun. 21, 2021, the entire contents of which are incorporated hereby by reference. SEQUENCE LISTING The instant application contains a Sequence Listing which has been submitted in ASCII format via EFS-Web and is hereby incorporated by reference in its entirety. Said ASCII copy is named GBLB042_SequenceListing.txt, created on Jun. 21, 2022, and is 14,374 bytes in size. TECHNICAL FIELD The present disclosure belongs to the technical field of molecular marker selection of fish growth traits, and relates to an SNP (Single Nucleotide Polymorphism) molecular marker for weight gain trait selection and genetic sex identification of  Ictalurus punctatus  BACKGROUND Ictalurus punctatus SUMMARY In order to overcome problems in the prior art, the present disclosure provides an SNP molecular marker for weight gain trait selection and genetic sex identification of  Ictalurus punctatus  In order to achieve the above purpose, the present disclosure is achieved through the following technical scheme: the SNP molecular marker for weight gain trait selection of  Ictalurus punctatus a first SNP molecular marker for weight gain trait selection is located at base 14,657,971 of chromosome 20, the mutation type is C/G, the molecular marker is named g. 20.14657971 C>T, and the nucleotide sequence of the molecular marker is shown in SEQ ID NO: 69; and
 As one of the aspects of the present disclosure, the present disclosure provides the screening method of an SNP molecular marker for weight gain trait selection of  Ictalurus punctatus Ictalurus punctatus Ictalurus punctatus As one of the aspects of the present disclosure, the present disclosure provides the method for rapidly detecting genetic sexes of  Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus Ictalurus punctatus;  As one of the aspects of the present disclosure, the present disclosure provides a method for developing sex-linked SNP molecular markers of  Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus Ictalurus punctatus Ictalurus punctatus  As one of the aspects of the present disclosure, the present disclosure provides the application of an SNP molecular marker to genetic sex identification, comprising the following steps: 1) designing male-specific amplification primers for sex-linked SNP molecular markers, wherein in the male-specific amplification primers, the first to last base (g.zbtb38ycds 1107 T>A) and the sixth to last base (g.zbtb38ycds 1102 G>A) of a forward primer sequence are male-specific bases, and the first to last base (g.zbtb38ycds 2073 T>C) of a reverse primer sequence is a male-specific base; 2) designing a pair of control primers in a region without mutation sites, wherein the control primers may amplify bands in both female and male individuals; and 3) establishing double PCR amplification reaction by means of the male-specific amplification primers and the control primers, and detecting PCR amplification products by means of 1% agarose gel. Preferably, the sequences of the male-specific amplification primers are shown in SEQ ID NO: 45 and SEQ ID NO: 46. As one of the aspects of the present disclosure, the present disclosure provides the primer for developing the SNP molecular marker for trait selection of  Ictalurus punctatus  The present disclosure has the beneficial effects as follows: the present disclosure provides the SNP molecular marker for trait selection of  Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus Ictalurus punctatus Ictalurus punctatus  
 BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG.  1 Ictalurus punctatus  FIG.  2 Ictalurus punctatus  FIG.  3 Ictalurus punctatus  FIG.  4 Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus  FIG.  5 Ictalurus punctatus  FIG.  6 Ictalurus punctatus  FIG.  7 Ictalurus punctatus  FIG.  8 Ictalurus punctatus  DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE EMBODIMENTS Embodiment 1: screening of SNP molecular markers associated with weight gain traits of  Ictalurus punctatus  1. A breeding experiment was performed as follows: after 180 days of independent breeding of juvenile fishes from different  Ictalurus punctatus  2  2. Experimental sample collection was performed as follows: after one year of breeding, the experimental fishes were captured, weight data of each fish were recorded again, and meanwhile, tissue of tail fins of experimental  Ictalurus punctatus  3. Extraction and detection of genomic DNA were performed as follows: genomic DNA was extracted from tail fins of the experimental fishes to prepare genome-wide DNA samples of  Ictalurus punctatus 4. Construction and sequencing of libraries were performed as follows: the genomic DNA of each sample was broken into DNA fragments of 50 bp to 800 bp by means of Covaris E220 (Covaris, Brighton, UK) ultrasonic waves. DNA fragments of 100 bp to 300 bp were further fished by means of an Agencourt AMPure XP bead kit (Beckman, Krefeld, Germany). Then ends of the fished DNA fragments were repaired, and dATP (deoxyadenosine triphosphate) was added to 3′ ends to obtain sticky ends. Adapter sequences with dTTP (deoxy-thymidine triphosphate) tails were connected to both ends of DNA fragments of each sample to distinguish the various samples. Then single-stranded circular DNA was amplified for 8 cycles through a rolling circle amplification technology. Single strand cyclization treatment was carried out in the following steps: a PCR product and a special molecule were thermally denatured together, the special molecule was inversely complementary to a special strand of the PCR product, and a single-stranded molecule was connected through DNA ligase. Remaining linear molecules were digested with exonuclease to obtain the single-stranded circular DNA finally. 303 samples were mixed finally to construct 19 sequencing libraries. PE150 paired-end sequencing was performed on all the libraries on the BGISEQ-500 sequencing platform. 5. Sequencing data filtering and SNP typing were performed as follows: bioinformatics analysis was started after original data generated by the BGISEQ-500 sequencing platform were offline. In order to improve the sequence quality, the original data were filtered by means of Trimmomatic (version 0.36) software. Forward and reverse FASTQ sequences of each sample were used as input files, and parameters of the software were “LEADING:3 TRAILING:3 SLIDINGWINDOW:4:15 MINLEN:75”. High-quality reads obtained were used for subsequent analysis. Genome-wide SNP variations were identified in clean reads of the 303 samples. The high-quality clean reads were compared with a reference genome sequence of  Ictalurus punctatus  6. GWAS of the growth traits was performed as follows: GWAS of the growth traits was performed by means of the single site mixed linear model GWAS (EMMAX) of SNP & Variation Suit v8.5.0 software. An EMMAX (Efficient Mixed Model Association expedited) statistical test method was superior to principal component analysis in the aspect of explaining sample structures (stratification and correlation). In this study, this technology was used to correct a hybrid effect caused by correlations among subgroup structures and individuals. In EMMAX, nxn genetic relation matrices among the individuals were calculated according to genotype data. The model used was y=Xβ+Zu+e, wherein y was an n×1 vector of a phenotypic value, X was an n×f matrix of a fixed effect including the SNPs and the age (month), β was a q×1 vector representing a fixed effect coefficient, Z was an n×t matrix associated with a random effect, the phenotypic value and the β fixed effect coefficient, u was a random animal effect, and e was a residual effect. Result analysis was as follows: 3.69 Tb of original data were produced in total through sequencing, with an average of 12.18 Gb for each sample. Through filtering and counting of the original offline data, 3.64 Tb of clean data were produced after barcode sequences of sequencing adapters and low-quality sequencing data were removed, with an average of 12.01 Gb (6.8-26.20 Gb) for each sample, and the average values of Q20 and Q30 were 97.81% and 93.05% respectively. The clean reads were compared with the reference genome of  Ictalurus punctatus GWAS was performed on 5,641,711 SNP molecular markers in the whole genome and the monthly weight gain by means of the EMMAX software. 15 markers were associated with the monthly weight gain (MWG) trait (P≤1×10 −6 −8 FIG.  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 1.1 
 
 
 SNP Molecular Markers Associated with Weight Gain Traits 
 of Ictalurus punctatus (Note: *P < 1E−07) 
 
 
 SNP Chromo- Reference Variant Minor Allele 
 Location some Base Base Frequency P Value 
 
 14658012 20 C G 0.20130 1.97E−09* 
 14657971 20 C T 0.19970 1.45E−08* 
 Linkage analysis of the two SNP sites was performed by means of SHEsis software, and the result showed that the two sites were subjected to linkage inheritance, there were two haploid genotypes, namely, TG and CC, which resulted in polymorphisms. Statistical results of weight gain data of individuals of various genotypes showed that the weight gain traits of the individuals of the TG/TG genotype were extremely significantly better than those of the individuals of the CC/CC genotype (p<0.01), and were significantly better than those of the individuals of the CC/GT genotype (p<0.05). The results are shown in  FIG.  1 The screening method of the SNP molecular markers, provided in this embodiment, comprises the following steps: 1) performing experimental sample collection: tissue of tail fins of experimental  Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus.  Embodiment 2: verification of SNP molecular markers associated with weight gain traits of  Ictalurus punctatus  1. A breeding experiment and sample collection were performed as follows: after  Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus  2. Extraction and detection of genomic DNA were performed as follows: the genomic DNA was extracted from the tail fins of the experimental fishes, quality control was performed on the samples by means of a Qubit ultraviolet spectrophotometer and 1% agarose gel electrophoresis respectively, and the qualified DNA (with the concentration higher than 30 ng/μL and the ratio of OD260/OD280 in the range of 1.80-2.00) was used for SNP typing in the next step. 3. SNP typing was performed as follows: primers (SEQ ID NO: 67, SEQ ID NO: 68) for simultaneously amplifying two SNP sites (g. 20.14657971 C>T and g. 20.14658012 C>G) were designed by a Primer BLAST function in NCBI. A 2× Taq Plus Master Mix (Dye Plus) kit (Vazyme Biotech Co., Ltd) was used for PCR amplification, and had a reaction system of 2× Taq Master Mix of 10 μL, genomic DNA of 1 μL, each 10 μM primer of 0.5 μL, and ddH2O of 7 μL. Amplification conditions included pre-denaturation at 94° C. for 5 min, denaturation at 94° C. for 30 s, annealing at 55° C. for 30 s, extension at 72° C. for 30 s, 30 cycles and extension at 72° C. for 10 min. The PCR amplification products were subjected to electrophoresis by means of 1% agarose gel. After electrophoresis, the gel was placed on an UV gel detector to observe electrophoresis results and determine the number and size of amplified bands of each sample. The qualified PCR amplification products were subjected to bi-directional Sanger sequencing by means of an ABI 3730 sequencer, and primers used for sequencing were the same as those used for PCR amplification. A Sanger sequencing peak diagram was read by means of Chromas software, and the genotypes of each sample at two SNP sites (g. 20.14657971 C>T and g. 20.14658012 C>G) were recorded. 4. Weight trait and SNP association study was performed as follows: after successful typing of each sample at the two SNP sites (g. 20.14657971 C>T and g. 20.14658012 C>G), association study was performed on weight traits and the genotypes of the samples. Results were shown in Table 2.1 and showed that the weight of individuals of the TG/TG genotype was extremely significantly higher than that of individuals of the CC/CC genotype (p<0.01), and was significantly higher than that of individuals of the CC/GT genotype (p<0.05). The haploid homozygous genotype TG/TG had the weight gain advantage. 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 2.1 
 
 
 Association Study Results of Weight Traits 
 of Ictalurus punctatus and Three Genotypes 
 
 
 Genotype Weight (g) 
 
 CC/CC 943.28 ± 266.29 a 
 CC/TG 983.95 ± 244.94 a 
 TG/TG 1083.06 ± 306.77 b 
 According to Embodiments 1 and 2, the two SNP molecular markers associated with the weight gain traits were screened out from chromosome 20 of  Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus Embodiment 3: a method for rapidly detecting genetic sexes on the basis of extension reactions of specific primers of sex-linked SNP sites of  Ictalurus punctatus  96 individuals of  Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus  1. Extraction of DNA of  Ictalurus punctatus  1.1 Digestion and lysis of the tail fins of  Ictalurus punctatus  1.2 Column chromatography of the digestive fluid was performed as follows: 180 μL of absolute ethanol was added to the digestive fluid and was subjected to vortex mixing for 15-20 s. Adsorption columns (gDNA columns) were placed in collection tubes of 2 mL, the mixture obtained in the previous step was transferred to the adsorption columns, and centrifugation at 12,000 rpm (13,400×g) was performed for 1 min. Filtrate was discarded, and the adsorption columns were placed in the collection tubes. 500 μL of a Washing Buffer A was added to the adsorption columns. Centrifugation at 12,000 rpm was performed for 1 min. Filtrate was discarded, the adsorption columns were placed in the collection tubes, 650 μL of a Washing Buffer B was added to the adsorption columns, and centrifugation at 12,000 rpm was performed for 1 min. The previous step was repeated. Filtrate was discarded, and the adsorption columns were placed in the collection tubes. Empty tube centrifugation at 12,000 rpm was performed for 2 min. The adsorption columns were placed in new centrifuge tubes of 1.5 ml. 50 μL of an Elution Buffer preheated to 70° C. was added to centers of membranes of the adsorption columns and was placed at the room temperature for 3 min. Centrifugation at 12,000 rpm (13,400×g) was performed for 1 min. The adsorption columns were discarded, and DNA was placed at subzero 20° C. for long-term preservation. 2. Screening of SNP Sites for Genetic Sex Identification of  Ictalurus punctatus  The sex-linked SNP site g.zbtb38ycds 366 G>A was selected as an SNP site for rapid genetic sex identification of  Ictalurus punctatus Ictalurus punctatus,  
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 3.1 
 
 
 Specific Extension Reaction Primers of Sex-linked 
 SNP Sites of  Ictalurus punctatus 
 (SEQ ID NO: 63 to SEQ ID NO: 66 in sequence) 
 
 
 Name of Primer Sequence of Primer Marker 
 
 WF GAAATGTCTTGGCTGCGACT None 
   
 WR CTCTTGCTCCTCAAGCCGTG None 
   
 ASE TCCCCTTTCTTGAGAAA 5′FAM 
   
 ASE-DP GCCTTTCAATCTCAAG 3′Biotin 
 
 Note: WF refers to a peripheral forward primer; WR 
 refers to a peripheral reverseprimer; ASErefers to a 
 specific forward primer; and ASE-DPrefers to a DNA probe. 3. Amplification of Sex-Linked SNP Sites of  Ictalurus punctatus  3.1 An extension reaction of the peripheral primers of the sex-linked SNP sites of  Ictalurus punctatus  3.2 Extension reactions of specific primers of sex-linked SNP sites of  Ictalurus punctatus  4. Genetic Sex Identification of  Ictalurus punctatus  4.1 Detection of amplification products was performed as follows: 20 μL of a buffer (USTAR BIOTECHNOLOGIES (HANGZHOU) LTD) used in cooperation with rapid nucleic acid test strips was dropped in a 100 μL microporous plate, 10 μL of the second-round PCR amplification products and hybridization nucleic acid products of the DNA probe were taken and dropped on sample pads of the rapid nucleic acid test strips. The nucleic acid test strips containing the hybridization nucleic acid products were inserted into the 100 μL microporous plate containing the buffer, and it was ensured that lowest ends of the sample pads made contact with the buffer. 4.2 Determination of results was performed as follows: the results were read within 10-15 min after the process was completed. Red bands were observed in reading regions of the rapid nucleic acid test strips. During reading of the 20 sample results, the red bands appeared in quality control regions of the reading regions of the rapid nucleic acid test strips, and red bands appeared in detection regions of the DNA samples of 10 male individuals of  Ictalurus punctatus Ictalurus punctatus.  5. Verification of a genetic sex identification method was performed as follows: 96 samples were randomly selected from a sample library of a genetics and breeding center of  Ictalurus punctatus  In the embodiment, the sequences of the sex-linked SNP sites were enriched through extraction of the genomic DNA of the tissue of the tail fins of  Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus  Embodiment 4: screening of sex-linked SNP markers on the basis of zbtb38 genes of  Ictalurus punctatus  1. Design of primers was performed as follows: 22 pairs of specific primers were designed for the sequence of the zbtb38 gene coding region of  Ictalurus punctatus  
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 4.1 
 
 
 Information of Multiplex PCR Amplification Primers of 
 zbtb38 Gene Coding Region of  Ictalurus punctatus 
 
 
 No. of 
 Amplicon Sequenceinformation (5′-3′) InitiationSite TerminationSite Length 
 
 F: ATGATGGTGG 
 TCCATTCCAGC (SEQ ID NO: 1) 
   
 CYH_1 R: TCAGAGGCTG    1  200 200 
 TGAAAGCGTT G 
 (SEQ ID NO: 2) 
 F: GCTGCGACTA 
 GCGGATATTT CC 
 (SEQ ID NO: 3) 
   
 CYH_2 R: CAGAGTCTTG  157  394 238 
 CCTTTCAATC 
 TCAAG (SEQ ID NO: 4) 
 F: CAACAAGTCC 
 TTAATAGCTG 
 CAGGG (SEQ ID NO: 5) 
   
 CYH_3 R: TCTGTGATGG  312  548 237 
 AGAAAGCATT 
 AGTTATCC (SEQ ID NO: 6) 
 F: CACCACGGCT 
 TGAGGAGC (SEQ ID NO: 7) 
   
 CYH_4 R: CAGCGTATGA  482  694 213 
 GTGTTCAAAC 
 ATGG (SEQ ID NO: 8) 
 F: CGCTATCAGG 
 AATACCCTCT GTC 
 (SEQ ID NO: 9) 
   
 CYH_5 R: ACTAGTTTCA  629  867 239 
 CTGGATATGG 
 GTGCC (SEQ ID NO: 10) 
 F: GACTCTGTCC 
 AACCATAGAC 
 TTGG (SEQ ID NO: 11) 
   
 CYH_6 R: AAGGCGGATC  783 1027 245 
 ATCATCCTGT (SEQ ID NO: 12) 
 F: CCTTGTGTTC 
 TGCACCCGAC 
 (SEQ ID NO: 13) 
   
 CYH_7 R: GCAGTACTTG  959 1170 212 
 CAAAACAGAT 
 GACTG (SEQ ID NO: 14) 
 F: CCATATGCAA 
 AGCCACAAGA 
 GAAG (SEQ ID NO: 15) 
   
 CYH_8 R: GGAGGATCTT 1116 1340 225 
 GAAGATCAGA 
 ACTTG (SEQ ID NO: 16) 
 F: CAAGTAGCAC 
 ACCCTTCCTA 
 GAGG (SEQ ID NO: 17) 
   
 CYH_9 R: CTTTATTGCA 1280 1525 246 
 GTAGTGACAA 
 GGATAGGC (SEQ ID NO: 18) 
 F: GACATGAGAA 
 TGTGCATTCA TGG 
 (SEQ ID NO: 19) 
   
 CYH_10 R: AGATTTTTTA 1469 1629 224 
 TTCACTGCCA 
 GACG (SEQ ID NO: 20)  
 F: CCATCAGAAG 
 TCATTTCATG GC 
 (SEQ ID NO: 21) 
   
 CYH_11 F: CTGTGCCTTT 1638 1876 239 
 AAGTGGAGCA GC 
 (SEQ ID NO: 22) 
 R: ACTGCCCCGC 
 TAGATGTTAA CTC 
 (SEQ ID NO: 23) 
   
 CYH_12 R: GTTAAAGCCT 1828 2070 243 
 TCCTCTTCGA 
 TATGAGAC (SEQ ID NO: 24) 
 F: CAACATGTAG 
 AAACTTCTTT 
 GCCTTCTG (SEQ ID NO: 25) 
   
 CYH_13 R: GGAATGGCAT 2005 2248 244 
 AACATCTCTG 
 CTTG (SEQ ID NO: 26) 
 F: ACTCATCTCC 
 CACACAATGC 
 AGTAG (SEQ ID NO: 27) 
   
 CYH_14 R: ACCAGGACAA 2195 2430 236 
 GCAGGCTTGG 
 (SEQ ID NO: 28) 
 F: CTGACGCCGA 
 ACCTTCGC (SEQ ID  NO: 29) 
   
 CYH_15 R: GAATCCTAGA 2365 2604 240 
 TCATCCTCTG 
 CTGTGTTC (SEQ ID NO: 30) 
 F: AGAGAAGAAA 
 CTGGAAGCAA 
 GATAATG (SEQ ID NO: 31) 
   
 CYH_16 R: AGAGAAGAAA 2543 2789 247 
 CTGGAAGCAA 
 GATAATG (SEQ IDNO: 32) 
 F: GGCAAAAGAT 
 TCAGATCCAA GC 
 (SEQ ID NO: 33) 
   
 CYH_17 R: GACAATATGC 2731 2907 240 
 ATGCTGAGGG TG 
 (SEQ ID NO: 34) 
 F: CTGCCATTGC 
 TGTAGTAGCT CC 
 (SEQ ID NO: 35) 
   
 CYH_18 R: CAGTATGAGC 2913 3155 243 
 AGCGGTAGCG 
 (SEQ ID NO: 36) 
 F: ACTCGATAGG 
 GTTGACTCGT 
 AGCC (SEQ ID NO: 37) 
   
 CYH_19 R: CTTGTGATTG 3098 3341 244 
 TCTCACTATT 
 TTCTGTC (SEQ ID NO: 38) 
 F: CATGAGAGCA 
 AGCACTTCAA 
 TAAGG (SEQ ID NO: 39) 
   
 CYH_20 R: GTCCTGTCAC 3283 3530 248 
 CTTTACAGGA 
 CAAC (SEQ ID NO: 40) 
 F: TTATCCCCAA 
 ATCCCTCAAC TCC 
 (SEQ ID NO: 41) 
   
 CYH_21 R: CATGTTGTAT 33465 3698 234 
 AGAGGTTGGA 
 TGTGTTGAG (SEQ ID NO: 42) 
 F: GCTTTGTGGA 
 ATATTCTAAA 
 GACTCCAC (SEQ ID NO: 43) 
   
 CYH_22 R: TCAGTTGTGG 3581 3798 218 
 GCATAAAAAA 
 CAGG (SEQ ID NO: 44) 
 2. Construction and sequencing of libraries The tail fin samples of 129  Ictalurus punctatus  A PCR procedure was performed as follows: pre-denaturation was performed at 95° C. for 15 min; denaturation was performed at 94° C. for 30 s, annealing was performed at 60° C. for 10 min, extension was performed at 72° C. for 30 s, and 4 cycles were performed; denaturation was performed at 94° C. for 30 s, annealing was performed at 60° C. for 1 min, extension was performed at 72° C. for 30 s, and 24 cycles were performed. 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 4.2 
 
 
 Construction of First-round PCR Amplification 
 System of Targeted Re-sequencing Libraries 
 
 
 Buffer Primer mix dNTP UDG Taq Mg 2+ 
 ddH 2 10× 50 nM 2.5 mM 5 U/μL 5 U/μL Sample 100 mM 
 
 
 
 10 μL 3 μL 1 μL 2 μL 0.8 μL 0.1 μL 0.1 μL 2 μL 1 μL 
 Second-round PCR was performed as follows: 90 μL of ddH2O was added to the first-round PCR products, the mixture was diluted 10 times and was left to stand at the room temperature for 10 min after instantaneous centrifugation. A diluent of the first-round PCR products was used as an amplification template of the second-round PCR. An amplification system and components are shown in Table 4.3. A PCR procedure was performed as follows: pre-denaturation was performed at 95° C. for 15 min; denaturation was performed at 94° C. for 30 s, annealing was performed at 60° C. for 4 min, extension was performed at 72° C. for 30 s, and 5 cycles were performed; denaturation was performed at 94° C. for 30 s, annealing was performed at 65° C. for 1 min, extension was performed at 72° C. for 30 s, and 10 cycles were performed. 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 4.3 
 
 
 Construction of Second-round PCR Amplification 
 System of Targeted Re-sequencing Libraries 
 
 
 Buffer Barcode dNTP Taq Sam- Mg 2+ 
 ddH 2 10× 2 uM 2.5 mM 5 U/μL ple 100 mM 
 
 
 
 20 μL 2.5 μL 2 μL 3.6 μL 0.8 μL 0.1 μL 10 μL 1 μL 
 After PCR amplification ended, all the PCR products were subjected to 3% agarose gel electrophoresis detection and qRT-PCR quality control, all the qualified second-round PCR amplification products were mixed, and sequencing libraries were constructed. The sequencing libraries were sequenced, according to a 150 bp paired-end sequencing strategy, on the IlluminaHiSeqX-ten sequencing platform. Original data of about 5.79 Gb were finally obtained, including 38.6 million paired-end reads of 150 bp, and the average sequencing depth was 8,102×. The average Q30 and GC contents of sequencing data of all the samples were about 93% and about 48% respectively. 3. Filtering of data and screening of variations After the sequencing reads of the various samples were classified according to barcode sequence information, reads containing more than 10% of poly-N sequences, low-quality reads (with more than 50% of base Phred scores lower than 5%) and reads containing wrong barcode sequences were removed by means of SOAPnuke software. Clean reads (36.48 M reads) of about 5.39 Gb were obtained for subsequent analysis. These high-quality paired-end sequencing reads were compared with the zbtb38 reference gene sequence of  Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus 4. Identification of sex-linked SNP molecular markers Linkage analysis of all the SNP sites was performed by means of the SHEsis software, and the sex-linked SNP molecular markers of  Ictalurus punctatus  FIG.  5 FIG.  6 Ictalurus punctatus  FIG.  7 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 4.4 
 
 
 Features of 13 Male Sex-linked SNP Markers in zbtb38 Gene Coding Region 
 
 
 Amino Amino 
 Acid Acid 
 Encoded Encoded 
 No. Reference Variant Female Male by by 
 No. of SNP ofAmplicon Base Base Genotype Genotype zbtb38-X zbtb38-Y 
 
 g. zbtb38ycds366 CYH_3 G A G/G G/A Lys Lys 
 g. zbtb38ycds431 CYH_3 G A G/G G/A Ser Asn 
 g. zbtb38ycds733 CYH_5 G A G/G G/A Val Ile 
 g. zbtb38ycds953 CYH_6 A C A/A A/C Asn Thr 
 g. zbtb38ycds1102 CYH_7 G A G/G G/A Ala Thr 
 g. zbtb38ycds1107 CYH_7 T A T/T T/A Leu Leu 
 g. zbtb38ycds2073 CYH_13 T C T/T T/C Pro Pro 
 g. zbtb38ycds2409 CYH_14 T C T/T T/C Ile Ile 
 g. zbtb38ycds2825 CYH_17 T C T/T T/C Met Thr 
 g. zbtb38ycds2836 CYH_17 C T C/C C/T Leu Leu 
 g. zbtb38ycds3070 CYH_18 A G A/A A/G Ser Gly 
 g. zbtb38ycds3177 CYH_19 T C T/T T/C Leu Leu 
 g. zbtb38ycds3375 CYH_20 A G A/A A/G Gln Gln 
 Embodiment 5: a genetic sex identification method based on SNP molecular markers 1. Design of primers was performed as follows: a pair of male-specific amplification primers CCMSF/R was designed according to locations of sex-linked SNP molecular markers, wherein the first to last base (g. zbtby38cds 1107 T>A) and the sixth to last base (g. zbtb38ycds 1102 G>A) of the forward primer as well as the first to last base (g. zbtb38ycds 2073 T>C) of the reverse primer were male-specific bases. At the same time, a pair of control primers CCCSF/R was designed in a region without mutation sites. The sequences of the primers are shown in Table 4.5. 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 4.5 
 
 
 Genetic Sex Identification 
 Primers of  Ictalurus punctatus 
 
 
 Name of 
 Primer Sequence of Primer (5′-3′) Purpose 
 
 CCMSF CCTTCAGTAGTTCAA(1102) Male-specific 
 CACTA( 1107) Amplification 
 (SEQ ID NO: 45) Primer 
   
 CCMSR ATCCACTATGGTTATTAGTG(2073) Primer 
 (SEQ ID NO: 46) 
   
 CCCSF TTATCAGACCCGTTGGAAGC ControlPrimer 
 (SEQ ID NO: 60) 
   
 CCCSR CTCCTGTGTGCCAGATCTCA 
 (SEQ ID NO: 61) 
 2. PCR amplification was performed as follows: 24  Ictalurus punctatus  3. Agarose gel electrophoresis was performed as follows: the PCR amplification products were subjected to electrophoresis by means of 1% agarose gel. After electrophoresis, the gel was placed on an UV projection detector to observe electrophoresis effects and determine the number and size of amplified bands of each sample. 4. Result analysis was performed as follows: in the male individuals, the male-specific amplification primers could amplify bands of 1,005 bp, and the control primers could amplify bands of 220 bp; and in the female individuals, only the control primers could amplify bands. The results are shown in  FIG.  8 5. Verification of the genetic sex identification method based on the SNP molecular markers was performed as follows: 96 samples were randomly selected from the sample library of the genetics and breeding center of  Ictalurus punctatus  The embodiment provides the brand-new sex identification method of  Ictalurus punctatus Ictalurus punctatus  
 
 1 Ictalurus punctatus a first SNP molecular marker for the weight gain trait selection, wherein the first SNP molecular marker is located at base 14,657,971 of chromosome 20, a mutation type of the first SNP molecular marker is C/G, the first SNP molecular marker is named g. 20.14657971 C>T, and a nucleotide sequence of the first SNP molecular marker is shown in SEQ ID NO: 69; a second SNP molecular marker for the weight gain trait selection, wherein the second SNP molecular marker is located at base 14,658,012 of chromosome 20, a mutation type of the second SNP molecular marker is C/T, the second SNP molecular marker is named g. 20. 14658012 C>G, and a nucleotide sequence of the second SNP molecular marker is shown in SEQ ID NO: 62; a first sex-linked SNP molecular marker based on zbtb38-Y, wherein the first sex-linked SNP molecular marker is located at base 366 of a zbtb38-Y gene coding region, a mutation type of the first sex-linked SNP molecular marker is G/A, the first sex-linked SNP molecular marker is named g.zbtb38ycds 366 G>A, and a nucleotide sequence of the first sex-linked SNP molecular marker is shown in SEQ ID NO: 47; a second sex-linked SNP molecular marker based on zbtb38-Y, wherein the second sex-linked SNP molecular marker is located at base 431 of the zbtb38-Y gene coding region, a mutation type of the second sex-linked SNP molecular marker is G/A, the second sex-linked SNP molecular marker is named g.zbtb38ycds 431 G>A, and a nucleotide sequence of the second sex-linked SNP molecular marker is shown in SEQ ID NO: 48; a third sex-linked SNP molecular marker based on zbtb38-Y, wherein the third sex-linked SNP molecular marker is located at base 733 of the zbtb38-Y gene coding region, a mutation type of the third sex-linked SNP molecular marker is G/A, the third sex-linked SNP molecular marker is named g.zbtb38ycds 733 G>A, and a nucleotide sequence of the third sex-linked SNP molecular marker is shown in SEQ ID NO: 49; a fourth sex-linked SNP molecular marker based on zbtb38-Y, wherein the fourth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is located at base 953 of the zbtb38-Y gene coding region, a mutation type of the fourth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is A/C, the fourth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is named g.zbtb38ycds 953 A>C, and a nucleotide sequence of the fourth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is shown in SEQ ID NO: 50; a fifth sex-linked SNP molecular marker based on zbtb38-Y, wherein the fifth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is located at base 1,102 of the zbtb38-Y gene coding region, a mutation type of the fifth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is G/A, the fifth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is named g.zbtb38ycds 1102 G>A, and a nucleotide sequence of the fifth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is shown in SEQ ID NO: 51; a sixth sex-linked SNP molecular marker based on zbtb38-Y, wherein the sixth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is located at base 1,107 of the zbtb38-Y gene coding region, a mutation type of the sixth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is T/A, the sixth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is named g.zbtb38ycds 1107 T>A, and a nucleotide sequence of the sixth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is shown in SEQ ID NO: 52; a seventh sex-linked SNP molecular marker based on zbtb38-Y, wherein the seventh sex-linked SNP molecular marker is located at base 2,073 of the zbtb38-Y gene coding region, a mutation type of the seventh sex-linked SNP molecular marker is T/C, the seventh sex-linked SNP molecular marker is named g.zbtb38ycds 2073 T>C, and a nucleotide sequence of the seventh sex-linked SNP molecular marker is shown in SEQ ID NO: 53; an eighth sex-linked SNP molecular marker based on zbtb38-Y, wherein the eighth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is located at base 2,409 of the zbtb38-Y gene coding region, a mutation type of the eighth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is T/C, the eighth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is named g.zbtb38ycds 2409 T>C, and a nucleotide sequence of the eighth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is shown in SEQ ID NO: 54; a ninth sex-linked SNP molecular marker based on zbtb38-Y, wherein the ninth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is located at base 2,825 of the zbtb38-Y gene coding region, a mutation type of the ninth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is T/C, the ninth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is named g.zbtb38ycds 2825 T>C, and a nucleotide sequence of the ninth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is shown in SEQ ID NO: 55; a tenth sex-linked SNP molecular marker based on zbtb38-Y, wherein the tenth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is located at base 2,836 of the zbtb38-Y gene coding region, a mutation type of the tenth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is C/T, the tenth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is named g.zbtb38ycds 2836 C>T, and a nucleotide sequence of the tenth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is shown in SEQ ID NO: 56; an eleventh sex-linked SNP molecular marker based on zbtb38-Y, wherein the eleventh sex-linked SNP molecular marker is located at base 3,070 of the zbtb38-Y gene coding region, a mutation type of the eleventh sex-linked SNP molecular marker is A/G, the eleventh sex-linked SNP molecular marker is named g.zbtb38ycds 3070 A>G, and a nucleotide sequence of the eleventh sex-linked SNP molecular marker is shown in SEQ ID NO: 57; a twelfth sex-linked SNP molecular marker based on zbtb38-Y, wherein the twelfth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is located at base 3,177 of the zbtb38-Y gene coding region, a mutation type of the twelfth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is T/C, the twelfth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is named g.zbtb38ycds 3177 T>C, and a nucleotide sequence of the twelfth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is shown in SEQ ID NO: 58; and a thirteenth sex-linked SNP molecular marker based on zbtb38-Y, wherein the thirteenth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is located at base 3,375 of the zbtb38-Y gene coding region, a mutation type of the thirteenth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is A/G, the thirteenth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is named g.zbtb38ycds 3375 A>G, and a nucleotide sequence of the thirteenth sex-linked SNP molecular marker is shown in SEQ ID NO: 59. 
 2 Ictalurus punctatus  claim 1 1) extracting DNA of fish samples to be tested, constructing genome re-sequencing libraries of the  Ictalurus punctatus 2) obtaining a monthly weight gain of the fish samples to be tested; 3) performing sequencing data filtering and SNP typing: after filtering and quality control, original sequencing data are compared with a reference genome of the  Ictalurus punctatus 4) performing a genome-wide association study (GWAS) of growth traits by a single site mixed linear model GWAS (EMMAX) of SNP & Variation Suit v8.5.0 software to obtain a target SNP molecular marker. 
 3 Ictalurus punctatus  claim 1 1) designing peripheral primers, allele-specific extension (ASE) primers and DNA probes for amplifying SNP sites for the genetic sex identification of the  Ictalurus punctatus Ictalurus punctatus;  2) marking 5′ ends of the ASE primers with FAM fluorophores, marking 3′ ends of probes ASE-DP with Biotin, and testing a relationship between secondary structures of the ASE primers and the probes ASE-DP by an Oligo software, so as to avoid primer dimers; 3) performing a polymerase chain reaction (PCR) amplification by DNA of fish samples to be tested and the peripheral primers in step 1) to obtain first-round PCR amplification products; 4) performing a second-round PCR extension reaction and a nucleic acid hybridization by the first-round PCR amplification products in step 3) and the ASE primers and the probes ASE-DP in step 1) to obtain second-round PCR amplification products and ASE-DP hybridization nucleic acid products; and 5) detecting the ASE-DP hybridization nucleic acid products by rapid nucleic acid test strips, and judging the genetic sexes of the fish samples to be tested according to color development results of the rapid nucleic acid test strips. 
 4 Ictalurus punctatus  Ictalurus punctatus 1) designing specific primers for zbtb38 gene coding regions of the  Ictalurus punctatus 2) performing a first-round PCR amplification by genomic DNA of female and male  Ictalurus punctatus  3) performing a second-round PCR amplification by the first-round products in step 2) and a barcode to obtain second-round female and male amplification products; 4) constructing sequencing libraries after mixing the second-round female and male amplification products in step 3), wherein the sequencing libraries are subjected to 150 bp paired-end sequencing on an Illumina HiSeqX-ten sequencing platform; and 5) comparing original sequencing data with zbtb38 genes after filtering original sequencing data, and regarding SNP molecular markers, linked with sexes, in samples with a comparison rate greater than 80% as the sex-linked SNP molecular markers. 
 5 claim 1 1) designing male-specific amplification primers for the sex-linked SNP molecular markers, wherein in the male-specific amplification primers, the first to last base (g.zbtb38ycds 1107 T>A) and the sixth to last base (g.zbtb38ycds 1102 G>A) of a forward primer sequence are male-specific bases, and the first to last base (g.zbtb38ycds 2073 T>C) of a reverse primer sequence is a male-specific base; 2) designing a pair of control primers in a region without mutation sites, wherein the control primers are configured to amplify bands in both female and male individuals; and 3) establishing a double PCR amplification reaction by the male-specific amplification primers and the control primers, and detecting PCR amplification products by a 1% agarose gel. 
 6 claim 5 
 7 Ictalurus punctatus 
 An SNP molecular marker for weight gain trait selection and genetic sex identification of Ictalurus punctatus as well as a screening method and application of the SNP molecular marker are provided. At least one of 17 SNP molecular markers for weight gain trait selection of Ictalurus punctatus and a molecular control means for genetic sex and weight gain trait selection and control of Ictalurus punctatus are further provided. Efficient and scientific identification of Ictalurus punctatus is achieved by means of simple PCR reactions and nucleic acid test strips, and the accuracy rate reaches 100%. A traditional agarose gel electrophoresis method is not used in the whole identification process, the cumbersome steps of gel preparation and running electrophoresis are omitted, nucleic acid dyes are not used, and the experimental process is safe and environmentally friendly.


 CROSS-REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATION This application claims the benefit of U.S. Provisional Patent Application Ser. No. 62/906,352, filed on Sep. 26, 2019, the disclosure of which is hereby incorporated in its entirety by this reference. REFERENCE TO A SEQUENCE LISTING The official copy of the sequence listing is submitted electronically via EFS-Web as an ASCII formatted sequence listing with a file named “Bnapus Chromosomal Translocation 2_ST25”, created on Sep. 22, 2020, and having a size of 191 kilobytes and is filed concurrently with the specification. The sequence listing contained in this ASCII formatted document is part of the specification and is herein incorporated by reference in its entirety. FIELD OF THE INVENTION This disclosure is generally related to the field of plant molecular biology, and in particular embodiments, to the field of detecting a chromosomal translocation within plants. In certain aspects, the chromosomal translocation occurs between the N7 and N16 chromosomes of  Brassica napus BACKGROUND Brassica napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus.  Molecular breeding assays that can be utilized for breeding new lines of  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus.  SUMMARY Disclosed herein are sequences, constructs, and methods for the detection of an a N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in a canola plant, tissue, or cell. In some aspects the disclosure relates to the detection of at least one PCR amplicon of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation, wherein the one or more PCR amplicons localize within either SEQ ID NO:2 or SEQ ID NO:4. In additional aspect, the disclosure relates to screening the first canola plant, tissue, or cell for the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation. In other aspects, the disclosure relates to selecting the first canola plant, tissue, or cell or selecting a progeny of the first canola plant, tissue, or cell whereby the resulting plant, tissue, or cell displays the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:372-488 or a complement thereof. In additional aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:255-371 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. In an aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:372-488 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. In a further aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:255-371 or a complement thereof. In an additional aspect, the disclosure relates to quantitating the amplicon produced by an amplification reaction. In some aspects, quantitating the results of the amplification reaction comprises producing a signature profile. As such, the signature profile is selected from the group consisting of a melting temperature curve signature profile and a fluorescence signature profile. Further, the signature profile is produced from an intercalating DNA dye, a cyanine dye, or a fluorescent dye. Likewise, the fluorescent dye is selected from the group consisting of a HEX fluorescent dye, a FAM fluorescent dye, a JOE fluorescent dye, a TET fluorescent dye, a Cy 3 fluorescent dye, a Cy 3.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 7 fluorescent dye, and a ROX fluorescent dye. In yet a further aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the nucleotide sequence of said nucleic acid. In another aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the size of said nucleic acid. In an aspect, determining the size comprises HPLC or electrophoresis. Disclosed herein are sequences, constructs, and methods for the detection of an a N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in a canola plant, tissue, or cell. In some aspects the disclosure relates to the detection of at least one PCR amplicon associated with the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation, wherein the one or more PCR amplicons localize within either SEQ ID NO:1 or SEQ ID NO:3. In additional aspect, the disclosure relates to screening the first canola plant, tissue, or cell for the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation. In other aspects, the disclosure relates to selecting the first canola plant, tissue, or cell or selecting a progeny of the first canola plant, tissue, or cell whereby the resulting plant, tissue, or cell displays the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:138-254 or a complement thereof. In additional aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 21-137 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. In an aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:138-254 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. In a further aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 21-137 or a complement thereof. In an additional aspect, the disclosure relates to quantitating the amplicon produced by an amplification reaction. In some aspects, quantitating the results of the amplification reaction comprises producing a signature profile. As such, the signature profile is selected from the group consisting of a melting temperature curve signature profile and a fluorescence signature profile. Further, the signature profile is produced from an intercalating DNA dye, a cyanine dye, or a fluorescent dye. Likewise, the fluorescent dye is selected from the group consisting of a HEX fluorescent dye, a FAM fluorescent dye, a JOE fluorescent dye, a TET fluorescent dye, a Cy 3 fluorescent dye, a Cy 3.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 7 fluorescent dye, and a ROX fluorescent dye. In yet a further aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the nucleotide sequence of said nucleic acid. In another aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the size of said nucleic acid. In an aspect, determining the size comprises HPLC or electrophoresis. In other aspects, the disclosure relates to a canola plant selected using the methods and compositions of the subject disclosure. In an aspect, the canola plant can be a progeny canola plant obtained from the canola plant selected using the methods and compositions of the subject disclosure. In further aspects, the canola plant comprises a canola seed. Exemplary structures of the canola seed include the outer hull and the embryo. In other aspects, the canola plant comprises a canola plant part. Exemplary canola plant parts include plant cells, plant protoplasts, plant cell tissue cultures from which plants can be regenerated, plant DNA, plant calli, plant clumps, and plant cells that are intact in plants or parts of plants, such as embryos, pollen, ovules, flowers, seeds, leaves, roots, root tips, anthers, and the like. In such embodiments, the canola plant is assayed for the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation using the compositions and methods of the subject disclosure. In an aspect, the disclosure relates to introgressing the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation into a progeny canola plant. In a further aspect, the disclosure relates to crossing a parent canola plant with another parent canola plant, wherein at least one parent canola plant comprises the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation. In another aspect, the disclosure relates to harvesting a progeny seed from the crossing as described previously, wherein the progeny seed comprises the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation. In an additional aspect, the disclosure relates to planting the progeny seed. In a further aspect, the disclosure relates to growing the progeny seed, wherein the progeny seed produce a progeny canola plant, wherein the progeny canola plant comprises the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation. In some aspects the disclosure relates to introgressing the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation into a progeny canola plant, wherein introgression occurs within either SEQ ID NO:2 or SEQ ID NO:4. In further aspects, the introgression of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation into a progeny canola plant is detected by producing an amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2, wherein the amplicon comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:372-488 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the introgression of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation into a progeny canola plant is detected by producing an amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4, wherein the amplicon comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:255-371 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. In an aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:372-488 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. In a further aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:255-371 or a complement thereof. In an additional aspect, the disclosure relates to quantitating the amplicon produced by an amplification reaction. In some aspects, quantitating the results of the amplification reaction comprises producing a signature profile. As such, the signature profile is selected from the group consisting of a melting temperature curve signature profile and a fluorescence signature profile. Further, the signature profile is produced from an intercalating DNA dye, a cyanine dye, or a fluorescent dye. Likewise, the fluorescent dye is selected from the group consisting of a HEX fluorescent dye, a FAM fluorescent dye, a JOE fluorescent dye, a TET fluorescent dye, a Cy 3 fluorescent dye, a Cy 3.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 7 fluorescent dye, and a ROX fluorescent dye. In yet a further aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the nucleotide sequence of said nucleic acid. In another aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the size of said nucleic acid. In an aspect, determining the size comprises HPLC or electrophoresis. In some aspects the disclosure relates to introgressing the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation into a progeny canola plant, wherein introgression occurs within either SEQ ID NO:1 or SEQ ID NO:3. In further aspects, the introgression of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation into a progeny canola plant is detected by producing an amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1, wherein the amplicon comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:138-254 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the introgression of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation into a progeny canola plant is detected by producing an amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3, wherein the amplicon comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 21-137 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. In an aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:138-254 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. In a further aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 21-137 or a complement thereof. In an additional aspect, the disclosure relates to quantitating the amplicon produced by an amplification reaction. In some aspects, quantitating the results of the amplification reaction comprises producing a signature profile. As such, the signature profile is selected from the group consisting of a melting temperature curve signature profile and a fluorescence signature profile. Further, the signature profile is produced from an intercalating DNA dye, a cyanine dye, or a fluorescent dye. Likewise, the fluorescent dye is selected from the group consisting of a HEX fluorescent dye, a FAM fluorescent dye, a JOE fluorescent dye, a TET fluorescent dye, a Cy 3 fluorescent dye, a Cy 3.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 7 fluorescent dye, and a ROX fluorescent dye. In yet a further aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the nucleotide sequence of said nucleic acid. In another aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the size of said nucleic acid. In an aspect, determining the size comprises HPLC or electrophoresis. In another aspect, the disclosure relates to a PCR assay method for determining zygosity of a N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in a canola plant, tissue, or cell. In some aspects, the disclosure relates to performing a first PCR assay using a first probe, a first forward primer, and a first reverse primer on a polynucleotide from a canola plant sample. In other aspects, the disclosure relates to performing a second PCR assay using a second probe, a second forward primer, and a second reverse primer on the polynucleotide sample. In further aspects, the disclosure relates to quantifying the first probe and the second probe. In additional aspect, the disclosure relates to comparing the quantified first probe and the quantified second probe of the first PCR assay and the second PCR assay to determine the zygosity, wherein the zygosity of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation is selected from the group consisting of homozygous, heterozygous, hemizygous, and nullizygous. In an aspect, the first and the second PCR assays are a multiplex PCR-format. In another aspect, the first and second PCR assays are performed in a single PCR assay tube or well. In an additional aspect, the first and the second PCR assays are a real-time PCR. In other aspects, the first probe and the second probe are quantified by measuring excitation/emission spectra emitted from the fluorescent dyes, during the amplification. In further aspects, the zygosity is determined by comparing the quantified first probe and the second probe using a ΔΔCt formula. In some aspects the disclosure relates to a PCR assay method for determining zygosity of a N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in a canola plant, tissue, or cell, wherein PCR assay occurs within either SEQ ID NO:2 or SEQ ID NO:4. In further aspects, the PCR assay to determine zygosity of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation into a progeny canola plant is detected by producing an amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2, wherein the amplicon comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:372-488 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the PCR assay method for determining zygosity of a N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in a canola plant is detected by producing an amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4, wherein the amplicon comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:255-371 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. In an aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:372-488 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. In a further aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:255-371 or a complement thereof. In an additional aspect, the disclosure relates to quantitating the amplicon produced by an amplification reaction. In some aspects, quantitating the results of the amplification reaction comprises producing a signature profile. As such, the signature profile is selected from the group consisting of a melting temperature curve signature profile and a fluorescence signature profile. Further, the signature profile is produced from an intercalating DNA dye, a cyanine dye, or a fluorescent dye. Likewise, the fluorescent dye is selected from the group consisting of a HEX fluorescent dye, a FAM fluorescent dye, a JOE fluorescent dye, a TET fluorescent dye, a Cy 3 fluorescent dye, a Cy 3.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 7 fluorescent dye, and a ROX fluorescent dye. In yet a further aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the nucleotide sequence of said nucleic acid. In another aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the size of said nucleic acid. In an aspect, determining the size comprises HPLC or electrophoresis. In some aspects the disclosure relates to a PCR assay method for determining zygosity of a N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in a canola plant, tissue, or cell, wherein PCR assay occurs within either SEQ ID NO:1 or SEQ ID NO:3. In further aspects, the PCR assay to determine zygosity of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation into a progeny canola plant is detected by producing an amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1, wherein the amplicon comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:138-254 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the PCR assay to determine zygosity of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation into a progeny canola plant is detected by producing an amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3, wherein the amplicon comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 21-137 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. In an aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:138-254 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. In a further aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 21-137 or a complement thereof. In an additional aspect, the disclosure relates to quantitating the amplicon produced by an amplification reaction. In some aspects, quantitating the results of the amplification reaction comprises producing a signature profile. As such, the signature profile is selected from the group consisting of a melting temperature curve signature profile and a fluorescence signature profile. Further, the signature profile is produced from an intercalating DNA dye, a cyanine dye, or a fluorescent dye. Likewise, the fluorescent dye is selected from the group consisting of a HEX fluorescent dye, a FAM fluorescent dye, a JOE fluorescent dye, a TET fluorescent dye, a Cy 3 fluorescent dye, a Cy 3.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 7 fluorescent dye, and a ROX fluorescent dye. In yet a further aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the nucleotide sequence of said nucleic acid. In another aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the size of said nucleic acid. In an aspect, determining the size comprises HPLC or electrophoresis. In an aspect, the subject disclosure relates to introgressing a N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation into canola germplasm. In a further aspect, the disclosures relates to detecting in a first canola plant at least one at least one PCR amplicon associated with the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation, wherein the one or more PCR amplicons localize within either SEQ ID NO:1, SEQ ID NO:2, SEQ ID NO:3, or SEQ ID NO:4. In another aspect, the disclosure relates to introgressing the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation into canola germplasm. In an aspect, disclosure relates to introgressing a trait within 1 megabase pairs, 950 kilobase pairs, 900 kilobase pairs, 850 kilobase pairs, 800 kilobase pairs, 750 kilobase pairs, 700 kilobase pairs, 650 kilobase pairs, 600 kilobase pairs, 550 kilobase pairs, 500 kilobase pairs, 450 kilobase pairs, 400 kilobase pairs, 350 kilobase pairs, 300 kilobase pairs, 250 kilobase pairs, 200 kilobase pairs, 150 kilobase pairs, 100 kilobase pairs, 90 kilobase pairs, 80 kilobase pairs, 70 kilobase pairs, 60 kilobase pairs, 50 kilobase pairs, 40 kilobase pairs, 30 kilobase pairs, 20 kilobase pairs, 10 kilobase pairs, 9 kilobase pairs, 8 kilobase pairs, 7 kilobase pairs, 6 kilobase pairs, 5 kilobase pairs, 4 kilobase pairs, 3 kilobase pairs, 2 kilobase pairs, 1 kilobase pairs, 750 base pairs, or 500 base pairs of SEQ ID NO:2 or SEQ ID NO:4. In a further aspect, disclosure relates to introgressing a trait within 1 megabase pairs, 950 kilobase pairs, 900 kilobase pairs, 850 kilobase pairs, 800 kilobase pairs, 750 kilobase pairs, 700 kilobase pairs, 650 kilobase pairs, 600 kilobase pairs, 550 kilobase pairs, 500 kilobase pairs, 450 kilobase pairs, 400 kilobase pairs, 350 kilobase pairs, 300 kilobase pairs, 250 kilobase pairs, 200 kilobase pairs, 150 kilobase pairs, 100 kilobase pairs, 90 kilobase pairs, 80 kilobase pairs, 70 kilobase pairs, 60 kilobase pairs, 50 kilobase pairs, 40 kilobase pairs, 30 kilobase pairs, 20 kilobase pairs, 10 kilobase pairs, 9 kilobase pairs, 8 kilobase pairs, 7 kilobase pairs, 6 kilobase pairs, 5 kilobase pairs, 4 kilobase pairs, 3 kilobase pairs, 2 kilobase pairs, 1 kilobase pairs, 750 base pairs, or 500 base pairs of SEQ ID NO:1 or SEQ ID NO:3. In other aspects, the trait is selected from the group consisting of an insecticidal resistance trait, a herbicide tolerance trait, a nitrogen use efficiency trait, a water use efficiency trait, a nutritional quality trait, a DNA binding trait, a selectable marker trait, a blackleg resistance trait, a  Fusarium  In some aspects the disclosure relates to a PCR assay method for detecting the trait that is introgressed within 1 megabase pairs, 950 kilobase pairs, 900 kilobase pairs, 850 kilobase pairs, 800 kilobase pairs, 750 kilobase pairs, 700 kilobase pairs, 650 kilobase pairs, 600 kilobase pairs, 550 kilobase pairs, 500 kilobase pairs, 450 kilobase pairs, 400 kilobase pairs, 350 kilobase pairs, 300 kilobase pairs, 250 kilobase pairs, 200 kilobase pairs, 150 kilobase pairs, 100 kilobase pairs, 90 kilobase pairs, 80 kilobase pairs, 70 kilobase pairs, 60 kilobase pairs, 50 kilobase pairs, 40 kilobase pairs, 30 kilobase pairs, 20 kilobase pairs, 10 kilobase pairs, 9 kilobase pairs, 8 kilobase pairs, 7 kilobase pairs, 6 kilobase pairs, 5 kilobase pairs, 4 kilobase pairs, 3 kilobase pairs, 2 kilobase pairs, 1 kilobase pairs, 750 base pairs, or 500 base pairs of a N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in a canola plant, tissue, or cell, wherein PCR assay occurs within either SEQ ID NO:2 or SEQ ID NO:4. In further aspects, the PCR assay of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation into a progeny canola plant is detected by producing an amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2, wherein the amplicon comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:372-488 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the PCR assay of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in a canola plant is detected by producing an amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4, wherein the amplicon comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:255-371 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. In an aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:372-488 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. In a further aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:255-371 or a complement thereof. In an additional aspect, the disclosure relates to quantitating the amplicon produced by an amplification reaction. In some aspects, quantitating the results of the amplification reaction comprises producing a signature profile. As such, the signature profile is selected from the group consisting of a melting temperature curve signature profile and a fluorescence signature profile. Further, the signature profile is produced from an intercalating DNA dye, a cyanine dye, or a fluorescent dye. Likewise, the fluorescent dye is selected from the group consisting of a HEX fluorescent dye, a FAM fluorescent dye, a JOE fluorescent dye, a TET fluorescent dye, a Cy 3 fluorescent dye, a Cy 3.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 7 fluorescent dye, and a ROX fluorescent dye. In yet a further aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the nucleotide sequence of said nucleic acid. In another aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the size of said nucleic acid. In an aspect, determining the size comprises HPLC or electrophoresis. In some aspects the disclosure relates to a PCR assay method for detecting the trait that is introgressed within 1 megabase pairs, 950 kilobase pairs, 900 kilobase pairs, 850 kilobase pairs, 800 kilobase pairs, 750 kilobase pairs, 700 kilobase pairs, 650 kilobase pairs, 600 kilobase pairs, 550 kilobase pairs, 500 kilobase pairs, 450 kilobase pairs, 400 kilobase pairs, 350 kilobase pairs, 300 kilobase pairs, 250 kilobase pairs, 200 kilobase pairs, 150 kilobase pairs, 100 kilobase pairs, 90 kilobase pairs, 80 kilobase pairs, 70 kilobase pairs, 60 kilobase pairs, 50 kilobase pairs, 40 kilobase pairs, 30 kilobase pairs, 20 kilobase pairs, 10 kilobase pairs, 9 kilobase pairs, 8 kilobase pairs, 7 kilobase pairs, 6 kilobase pairs, 5 kilobase pairs, 4 kilobase pairs, 3 kilobase pairs, 2 kilobase pairs, 1 kilobase pairs, 750 base pairs, or 500 base pairs of a N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in a canola plant, tissue, or cell, wherein PCR assay occurs within either SEQ ID NO:1 or SEQ ID NO:3. In further aspects, the PCR assay of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation into a progeny canola plant is detected by producing an amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1, wherein the amplicon comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:138-254 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the PCR assay is detected by producing an amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3, wherein the amplicon comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 21-137 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. In an aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:138-254 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. In a further aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 21-137 or a complement thereof. In an additional aspect, the disclosure relates to quantitating the amplicon produced by an amplification reaction. In some aspects, quantitating the results of the amplification reaction comprises producing a signature profile. As such, the signature profile is selected from the group consisting of a melting temperature curve signature profile and a fluorescence signature profile. Further, the signature profile is produced from an intercalating DNA dye, a cyanine dye, or a fluorescent dye. Likewise, the fluorescent dye is selected from the group consisting of a HEX fluorescent dye, a FAM fluorescent dye, a JOE fluorescent dye, a TET fluorescent dye, a Cy 3 fluorescent dye, a Cy 3.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 7 fluorescent dye, and a ROX fluorescent dye. In yet a further aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the nucleotide sequence of said nucleic acid. In another aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the size of said nucleic acid. In an aspect, determining the size comprises HPLC or electrophoresis. In another aspect, the disclosure relates to selecting a canola plant comprising an N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation. In an aspect, the disclosure relates to genotyping at least one canola plant with respect to the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation, wherein the at least one canola plant comprises SEQ ID NO:255-488 or a complement thereof. In a further aspect, the disclosure relates to selecting a canola plant that includes the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation associated with SEQ ID NO:255-488 or a complement thereof. In a further aspect, the disclosure relates to a PCR amplicon comprising SEQ ID NO:255-488. In an additional aspect, the disclosure relates to quantitating the amplicon produced by an amplification reaction. In some aspects, quantitating the results of the amplification reaction comprises producing a signature profile. As such, the signature profile is selected from the group consisting of a melting temperature curve signature profile and a fluorescence signature profile. Further, the signature profile is produced from an intercalating DNA dye, a cyanine dye, or a fluorescent dye. Likewise, the fluorescent dye is selected from the group consisting of a HEX fluorescent dye, a FAM fluorescent dye, a JOE fluorescent dye, a TET fluorescent dye, a Cy 3 fluorescent dye, a Cy 3.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 7 fluorescent dye, and a ROX fluorescent dye. In yet a further aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the nucleotide sequence of said nucleic acid. In another aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the size of said nucleic acid. In an aspect, determining the size comprises HPLC or electrophoresis. In another aspect, the disclosure relates to selecting a canola plant comprising an N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation. In an aspect, the disclosure relates to genotyping at least one canola plant with respect to the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation, wherein the at least one canola plant comprises SEQ ID NO:21-254 or a complement thereof. In a further aspect, the disclosure relates to selecting a canola plant that includes the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation associated with SEQ ID NO:21-254 or a complement thereof. In a further aspect, the disclosure relates to a PCR amplicon comprising SEQ ID NO:21-254. In an additional aspect, the disclosure relates to quantitating the amplicon produced by an amplification reaction. In some aspects, quantitating the results of the amplification reaction comprises producing a signature profile. As such, the signature profile is selected from the group consisting of a melting temperature curve signature profile and a fluorescence signature profile. Further, the signature profile is produced from an intercalating DNA dye, a cyanine dye, or a fluorescent dye. Likewise, the fluorescent dye is selected from the group consisting of a HEX fluorescent dye, a FAM fluorescent dye, a JOE fluorescent dye, a TET fluorescent dye, a Cy 3 fluorescent dye, a Cy 3.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 7 fluorescent dye, and a ROX fluorescent dye. In yet a further aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the nucleotide sequence of said nucleic acid. In another aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the size of said nucleic acid. In an aspect, determining the size comprises HPLC or electrophoresis. In another aspect, the disclosure relates to a PCR assay method for determining the recombinant genetic frequencies in canola plants comprising the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation. In some aspects, the recombinant genetic frequency of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation is determined in a canola plant, tissue, or cell. In some aspects, the disclosure relates to performing a first PCR assay using a first probe, a first forward primer, and a first reverse primer on a polynucleotide from a canola plant sample. In other aspects, the disclosure relates to performing a second PCR assay using a second probe, a second forward primer, and a second reverse primer on the polynucleotide sample. In further aspects, the disclosure relates to quantifying the first probe and the second probe. In additional aspect, the disclosure relates to comparing the quantified first probe and the quantified second probe of the first PCR assay and the second PCR assay to determine the recombinant genetic frequencies, wherein the recombinant genetic frequency of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation is selected from the group consisting of linked, tightly linked, or extremely tightly linked. In an aspect, the first and the second PCR assays are a multiplex PCR-format. In another aspect, the first and second PCR assays are performed in a single PCR assay tube or well. In an additional aspect, the first and the second PCR assays are a real-time PCR. In other aspects, the first probe and the second probe are quantified by measuring excitation/emission spectra emitted from the fluorescent dyes, during the amplification. In further aspects, the zygosity is determined by comparing the quantified first probe and the second probe using a ΔΔCt formula. In some aspects the disclosure relates to a PCR assay method for determining the recombinant genetic frequency of a N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in a canola plant, tissue, or cell, wherein PCR assay occurs within either SEQ ID NO:2 or SEQ ID NO:4. In further aspects, the PCR assay of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation into a progeny canola plant is detected by producing an amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2, wherein the amplicon comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:372-488 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the PCR assay method of a N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in a canola plant is detected by producing an amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4, wherein the amplicon comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:255-371 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14, SEQ ID NO:16 or a complement thereof. In an aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:2 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:372-488 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18, SEQ ID NO:20 or a complement thereof. In a further aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:4 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:255-371 or a complement thereof. In an additional aspect, the disclosure relates to quantitating the amplicon produced by an amplification reaction. In some aspects, quantitating the results of the amplification reaction comprises producing a signature profile. As such, the signature profile is selected from the group consisting of a melting temperature curve signature profile and a fluorescence signature profile. Further, the signature profile is produced from an intercalating DNA dye, a cyanine dye, or a fluorescent dye. Likewise, the fluorescent dye is selected from the group consisting of a HEX fluorescent dye, a FAM fluorescent dye, a JOE fluorescent dye, a TET fluorescent dye, a Cy 3 fluorescent dye, a Cy 3.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 7 fluorescent dye, and a ROX fluorescent dye. In yet a further aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the nucleotide sequence of said nucleic acid. In another aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the size of said nucleic acid. In an aspect, determining the size comprises HPLC or electrophoresis. In some aspects the disclosure relates to a PCR assay method for determining the recombinant genetic frequency of a N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in a canola plant, tissue, or cell, wherein the PCR assay occurs within either SEQ ID NO:1 or SEQ ID NO:3. In further aspects, the PCR assay of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation into a progeny canola plant is detected by producing an amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1, wherein the amplicon comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:138-254 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the PCR assay of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation into a progeny canola plant is detected by producing an amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3, wherein the amplicon comprises a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. Accordingly, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a forward or 5′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. Likewise, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a reverse or 3′ primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 21-137 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. In other aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13, SEQ ID NO:15 or a complement thereof. In an aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:1 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO:138-254 or a complement thereof. In some aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 98% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. In further aspects, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a polynucleotide that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a primer associated with any one SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17, SEQ ID NO:19 or a complement thereof. In a further aspect, the amplicon of SEQ ID NO:3 comprises a probe that shares at least 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, or 99% sequence identity with a probe associated with any one of SEQ ID NO: 21-137 or a complement thereof. In an additional aspect, the disclosure relates to quantitating the amplicon produced by an amplification reaction. In some aspects, quantitating the results of the amplification reaction comprises producing a signature profile. As such, the signature profile is selected from the group consisting of a melting temperature curve signature profile and a fluorescence signature profile. Further, the signature profile is produced from an intercalating DNA dye, a cyanine dye, or a fluorescent dye. Likewise, the fluorescent dye is selected from the group consisting of a HEX fluorescent dye, a FAM fluorescent dye, a JOE fluorescent dye, a TET fluorescent dye, a Cy 3 fluorescent dye, a Cy 3.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 7 fluorescent dye, and a ROX fluorescent dye. In yet a further aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the nucleotide sequence of said nucleic acid. In another aspect, the disclosure relates to determining the presence or absence of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation by determining the size of said nucleic acid. In an aspect, determining the size comprises HPLC or electrophoresis. The foregoing and other features will become more apparent from the following embodiments as provided in the Claims and Detailed Description, which proceeds with reference to the accompanying Figures and Sequence Listing. SEQUENCE LISTING The nucleic acid sequences listed in the accompanying sequence listing are shown using standard letter abbreviations for nucleotide bases, as defined in 37 C.F.R. § 1.822. Only one strand of each nucleic acid sequence is shown, but the complementary strand and reverse complementary strand are understood as included by any reference to the displayed strand. As the complement and reverse complement of a primary nucleic acid sequence are necessarily disclosed by the primary sequence, the complementary sequence and reverse complementary sequence of a nucleic acid sequence are included by any reference to the nucleic acid sequence, unless it is explicitly stated to be otherwise (or it is clear to be otherwise from the context in which the sequence appears). In the accompanying sequence listing: The chromosomal interval of base pairs 17578019 to 17583020 of chromosome 7 from the DH12075 v1.1 genome is provided as SEQ ID NO:1. The chromosomal interval of base pairs 20106368 to 20111369 of chromosome 7 from the NS1822BC genome is provided as SEQ ID NO:2. The chromosomal interval of base pairs 13651438 to 13656439 of chromosome 16 from the DH12075 v1.1 genome is provided as SEQ ID NO:3. The chromosomal interval of base pairs 8089982 to 8094983 of chromosome 16 from the NS1822BC genome is provided as SEQ ID NO:4. The DHN16 probe sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 21-137. The DHN7 probe sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 138-254. The NSN16 probe sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 255-371. The NSN7 probe sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 372-488. The DHN7 primer sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13 and SEQ ID NO:15. The DHN16 primer sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17 and SEQ ID NO:19. The NSN7 primer sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14 and SEQ ID NO:16. The NSN16 primer sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18 and SEQ ID NO:20. DETAILED DESCRIPTION Development of novel methods and compositions for molecular breeding assays that can be readily applied for breeding in  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  The methods and compositions for molecular breeding assays that can detect a N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  A particular problem for  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus B. napus  B. napus.  A particular problem for  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus.  A particular problem for  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus.  Novel methods have now been disclosed for detecting the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocations in  B. napus B. napus.  Definitions Unless defined otherwise, all technical and scientific terms used herein have the same meaning as commonly understood by one of ordinary skill in the art to which this disclosure relates. In case of conflict, the present application including the definitions will control. Unless otherwise required by context, singular terms shall include pluralities and plural terms shall include the singular. All publications, patents and other references mentioned herein are incorporated by reference in their entireties for all purposes as if each individual publication or patent application were specifically and individually indicated to be incorporated by reference, unless only specific sections of patents or patent publications are indicated to be incorporated by reference. In order to further clarify this disclosure, the following terms, abbreviations and definitions are provided. As used herein, the terms “comprises”, “comprising”, “includes”, “including”, “has”, “having”, “contains”,” or “containing”, or any other variation thereof, are intended to be non-exclusive or open-ended. For example, a composition, a mixture, a process, a method, an article, or an apparatus that comprises a list of elements is not necessarily limited to only those elements but may include other elements not expressly listed or inherent to such composition, mixture, process, method, article, or apparatus. Further, unless expressly stated to the contrary, “or” refers to an inclusive or and not to an exclusive or. For example, a condition A or B is satisfied by any one of the following: A is true (or present) and B is false (or not present), A is false (or not present) and B is true (or present), and both A and B are true (or present). Also, the indefinite articles “a” and “an” preceding an element or component of an embodiment of the disclosure are intended to be nonrestrictive regarding the number of instances, i.e., occurrences of the element or component. Therefore “a” or “an” should be read to include one or at least one, and the singular word form of the element or component also includes the plural unless the number is obviously meant to be singular. The term “invention” or “present invention” as used herein is a non-limiting term and is not intended to refer to any single embodiment of the particular invention but encompasses all possible embodiments as disclosed in the application. “Amplification” is a special case of nucleic acid replication involving template specificity. It is to be contrasted with non-specific template replication (i.e., replication that is template-dependent but not dependent on a specific template). Template specificity is here distinguished from fidelity of replication (i.e., synthesis of the proper polynucleotide sequence) and nucleotide (ribo- or deoxyribo-) specificity. Template specificity is frequently described in terms of “target” specificity. Target sequences are “targets” in the sense that they are sought to be sorted out from other nucleic acid. Amplification techniques were designed primarily for this sorting out. As used herein, the term “polymerase chain reaction” and “PCR” generally refers to the method for increasing the concentration of a segment of a target sequence in a mixture of genomic DNA without cloning or purification (U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,683,195; 4,683,202; and 4,965,188; herein incorporated by reference). This process for amplifying the target sequence comprises introducing an excess of two oligonucleotide primers to the DNA mixture containing the desired target sequence, followed by a precise sequence of thermal cycling in the presence of a DNA polymerase. The two primers are complementary to their respective strands of the double stranded target sequence. To effect amplification, the mixture is denatured and the primers then annealed to their complementary sequences within the target molecule. Following annealing, the primers are extended with a polymerase so as to form a new pair of complementary strands. The steps of denaturation, primer annealing and polymerase extension can be repeated many times (i.e., denaturation, annealing and extension constitute one “cycle”; there can be numerous “cycles”) to obtain a high concentration of an amplified segment of the desired target sequence. The length of the amplified segment of the desired target sequence is determined by the relative positions of the primers with respect to each other, and therefore, this length is a controllable parameter. By virtue of the repeating aspect of the process, the method is referred to as the “polymerase chain reaction” (hereinafter “PCR”). Because the desired amplified segments of the target sequence become the predominant sequences (in terms of concentration) in the mixture, they are said to be “PCR amplified. Term “amplicon” refers to as natural or manually amplification event (for example, polymerase chain reaction) product formation Polynucleotides (for example, DNA) segment. In some embodiments, amplicon “length” amplicon, and the length is at least 5 kb, or At least 6 kb, 7 kb, 8 kb, 9 kb, 10 kb, 11 kb, 12 kb, 13 kb, 14 kb, 15 kb, 16 kb, 17 kb, 18 kb, 1.9 kb, or 20 kb. The term “isolated”, as used herein means having been removed from its natural environment, or removed from other compounds present when the compound is first formed. The term “isolated” embraces materials isolated from natural sources as well as materials (e.g., nucleic acids and proteins) recovered after preparation by recombinant expression in a host cell, or chemically-synthesized compounds such as nucleic acid molecules, proteins, and peptides. The term “purified”, as used herein relates to the isolation of a molecule or compound in a form that is substantially free of contaminants normally associated with the molecule or compound in a native or natural environment, or substantially enriched in concentration relative to other compounds present when the compound is first formed, and means having been increased in purity as a result of being separated from other components of the original composition. The term “purified nucleic acid” is used herein to describe a nucleic acid sequence which has been separated, produced apart from, or purified away from other biological compounds including, but not limited to polypeptides, lipids and carbohydrates, while effecting a chemical or functional change in the component (e.g., a nucleic acid may be purified from a chromosome by removing protein contaminants and breaking chemical bonds connecting the nucleic acid to the remaining DNA in the chromosome). The term “synthetic”, as used herein refers to a polynucleotide (i.e., a DNA or RNA) molecule that was created via chemical synthesis as an in vitro process. For example, a synthetic DNA may be created during a reaction within an Eppendorf™ tube, such that the synthetic DNA is enzymatically produced from a native strand of DNA or RNA. Other laboratory methods may be utilized to synthesize a polynucleotide sequence. Oligonucleotides may be chemically synthesized on an oligo synthesizer via solid-phase synthesis using phosphoramidites. The synthesized oligonucleotides may be annealed to one another as a complex, thereby producing a “synthetic” polynucleotide. Other methods for chemically synthesizing a polynucleotide are known in the art, and can be readily implemented for use in the present disclosure. The term “about” as used herein means greater or lesser than the value or range of values stated by 10 percent, but is not intended to designate any value or range of values to only this broader definition. Each value or range of values preceded by the term “about” is also intended to encompass the embodiment of the stated absolute value or range of values. For the purposes of the present disclosure, a “gene,” includes a DNA region encoding a gene product (see infra), as well as all DNA regions which regulate the production of the gene product, whether or not such regulatory sequences are adjacent to coding and/or transcribed sequences. Accordingly, a gene includes, but is not necessarily limited to, promoter sequences, terminators, translational regulatory sequences such as ribosome binding sites and internal ribosome entry sites, enhancers, silencers, insulators, boundary elements, replication origins, matrix attachment sites, introns and locus control regions. As used herein the terms “native” or “natural” define a condition found in nature. A “native DNA sequence” is a DNA sequence present in nature that was produced by natural means or traditional breeding techniques but not generated by genetic engineering (e.g., using molecular biology/transformation techniques). As used herein a “transgene” is defined to be a nucleic acid sequence that encodes a gene product, including for example, but not limited to, an mRNA. In one embodiment the transgene/heterologous coding sequence is an exogenous nucleic acid, where the transgene/heterologous coding sequence has been introduced into a host cell by genetic engineering (or the progeny thereof) where the transgene/heterologous coding sequence is not normally found. In one example, a transgene/heterologous coding sequence encodes an industrially or pharmaceutically useful compound, or a gene encoding a desirable agricultural trait (e.g., an herbicide-resistance gene). In yet another example, a transgene/heterologous coding sequence is an antisense nucleic acid sequence, wherein expression of the antisense nucleic acid sequence inhibits expression of a target nucleic acid sequence. In one embodiment the transgene/heterologous coding sequence is an endogenous nucleic acid, wherein additional genomic copies of the endogenous nucleic acid are desired, or a nucleic acid that is in the antisense orientation with respect to the sequence of a target nucleic acid in a host organism. A “gene product” as defined herein is any product produced by the gene. For example, the gene product can be the direct transcriptional product of a gene (e.g., mRNA, tRNA, rRNA, antisense RNA, interfering RNA, ribozyme, structural RNA or any other type of RNA) or a protein produced by translation of a mRNA. Gene products also include RNAs which are modified, by processes such as capping, polyadenylation, methylation, and editing, and proteins modified by, for example, methylation, acetylation, phosphorylation, ubiquitination, ADP-ribosylation, myristilation, and glycosylation. Gene expression can be influenced by external signals, for example, exposure of a cell, tissue, or organism to an agent that increases or decreases gene expression. Expression of a gene can also be regulated anywhere in the pathway from DNA to RNA to protein. Regulation of gene expression occurs, for example, through controls acting on transcription, translation, RNA transport and processing, degradation of intermediary molecules such as mRNA, or through activation, inactivation, compartmentalization, or degradation of specific protein molecules after they have been made, or by combinations thereof. Gene expression can be measured at the RNA level or the protein level by any method known in the art, including, without limitation, Northern blot, RT-PCR, Western blot, or in vitro, in situ, or in vivo protein activity assay(s). As used herein the term “gene expression” relates to the process by which the coded information of a nucleic acid transcriptional unit (including, e.g., genomic DNA) is converted into an operational, non-operational, or structural part of a cell, often including the synthesis of a protein. Gene expression can be influenced by external signals; for example, exposure of a cell, tissue, or organism to an agent that increases or decreases gene expression. Expression of a gene can also be regulated anywhere in the pathway from DNA to RNA to protein. Regulation of gene expression occurs, for example, through controls acting on transcription, translation, RNA transport and processing, degradation of intermediary molecules such as mRNA, or through activation, inactivation, compartmentalization, or degradation of specific protein molecules after they have been made, or by combinations thereof. Gene expression can be measured at the RNA level or the protein level by any method known in the art, including, without limitation, Northern blot, RT-PCR, Western blot, or in vitro, in situ, or in vivo protein activity assay(s). As used herein, the term “nucleic acid molecule” (or “nucleic acid” or “polynucleotide”) may refer to a polymeric form of nucleotides, which may include both sense and anti-sense strands of RNA, cDNA, genomic DNA, and synthetic forms and mixed polymers of the above. A nucleotide may refer to a ribonucleotide, deoxyribonucleotide, or a modified form of either type of nucleotide. A “nucleic acid molecule” as used herein is synonymous with “nucleic acid” and “polynucleotide”. A nucleic acid molecule is usually at least 10 bases in length, unless otherwise specified. The term may refer to a molecule of RNA or DNA of indeterminate length. The term includes single- and double-stranded forms of DNA. A nucleic acid molecule may include either or both naturally-occurring and modified nucleotides linked together by naturally occurring and/or non-naturally occurring nucleotide linkages. Nucleic acid molecules may be modified chemically or biochemically, or may contain non-natural or derivatized nucleotide bases, as will be readily appreciated by those of skill in the art. Such modifications include, for example, labels, methylation, substitution of one or more of the naturally occurring nucleotides with an analog, internucleotide modifications (e.g., uncharged linkages: for example, methyl phosphonates, phosphotriesters, phosphoramidites, carbamates, etc.; charged linkages: for example, phosphorothioates, phosphorodithioates, etc.; pendent moieties: for example, peptides; intercalators: for example, acridine, psoralen, etc.; chelators; alkylators; and modified linkages: for example, alpha anomeric nucleic acids, etc.). The term “nucleic acid molecule” also includes any topological conformation, including single-stranded, double-stranded, partially duplexed, triplexed, hairpinned, circular, and padlocked conformations. Transcription proceeds in a 5′ to 3′ manner along a DNA strand. This means that RNA is made by the sequential addition of ribonucleotide-5′-triphosphates to the 3′ terminus of the growing chain (with a requisite elimination of the pyrophosphate). In either a linear or circular nucleic acid molecule, discrete elements (e.g., particular nucleotide sequences) may be referred to as being “upstream” or “5′” relative to a further element if they are bonded or would be bonded to the same nucleic acid in the 5′ direction from that element. Similarly, discrete elements may be “downstream” or “3′” relative to a further element if they are or would be bonded to the same nucleic acid in the 3′ direction from that element. A base “position”, as used herein, refers to the location of a given base or nucleotide residue within a designated nucleic acid. The designated nucleic acid may be defined by alignment (see below) with a reference nucleic acid. Hybridization relates to the binding of two polynucleotide strands via Hydrogen bonds. Oligonucleotides and their analogs hybridize by hydrogen bonding, which includes Watson-Crick, Hoogsteen or reversed Hoogsteen hydrogen bonding, between complementary bases. Generally, nucleic acid molecules consist of nitrogenous bases that are either pyrimidines (cytosine (C), uracil (U), and thymine (T)) or purines (adenine (A) and guanine (G)). These nitrogenous bases form hydrogen bonds between a pyrimidine and a purine, and the bonding of the pyrimidine to the purine is referred to as “base pairing.” More specifically, A will hydrogen bond to T or U, and G will bond to C. “Complementary” refers to the base pairing that occurs between two distinct nucleic acid sequences or two distinct regions of the same nucleic acid sequence. “Specifically hybridizable” and “specifically complementary” are terms that indicate a sufficient degree of complementarity such that stable and specific binding occurs between the oligonucleotide and the DNA or RNA target. The oligonucleotide need not be 100% complementary to its target sequence to be specifically hybridizable. An oligonucleotide is specifically hybridizable when binding of the oligonucleotide to the target DNA or RNA molecule interferes with the normal function of the target DNA or RNA, and there is sufficient degree of complementarity to avoid non-specific binding of the oligonucleotide to non-target sequences under conditions where specific binding is desired, for example under physiological conditions in the case of in vivo assays or systems. Such binding is referred to as specific hybridization. Hybridization conditions resulting in particular degrees of stringency will vary depending upon the nature of the chosen hybridization method and the composition and length of the hybridizing nucleic acid sequences. Generally, the temperature of hybridization and the ionic strength (especially the Na+ and/or Mg2+ concentration) of the hybridization buffer will contribute to the stringency of hybridization, though wash times also influence stringency. Calculations regarding hybridization conditions required for attaining particular degrees of stringency are discussed in Sambrook et al. (ed.),  Molecular Cloning: A Laboratory Manual,  As used herein, “stringent conditions” encompass conditions under which hybridization will only occur if there is less than 50% mismatch between the hybridization molecule and the DNA target. “Stringent conditions” include further particular levels of stringency. Thus, as used herein, “moderate stringency” conditions are those under which molecules with more than 50% sequence mismatch will not hybridize; conditions of “high stringency” are those under which sequences with more than 20% mismatch will not hybridize; and conditions of “very high stringency” are those under which sequences with more than 10% mismatch will not hybridize. In particular embodiments, stringent conditions can include hybridization at 65° C., followed by washes at 65° C. with 0.1×SSC/0.1% SDS for 40 minutes. The following are representative, non-limiting hybridization conditions: Very High Stringency: Hybridization in 5×SSC buffer at 65° C. for 16 hours; was twice in 2×SSC buffer at room temperature for 15 minutes each; and wash twice in 0.5×SSC buffer at 65° C. for 20 minutes each. High Stringency: Hybridization in 5×-6×SSC buffer at 65-70° C. for 16-20 hours; wash twice in 2×SSC buffer at room temperature for 5-20 minutes each; and wash twice in 1×SSC buffer at 55-70° C. for 30 minutes each. Moderate Stringency: Hybridization in 6×SSC buffer at room temperature to 55° C. for 16-20 hours; wash at least twice in 2×-3×SSC buffer at room temperature to 55° C. for 20-30 minutes each. In particular embodiments, specifically hybridizable nucleic acid molecules can remain bound under very high stringency hybridization conditions. In these and further embodiments, specifically hybridizable nucleic acid molecules can remain bound under high stringency hybridization conditions. In these and further embodiments, specifically hybridizable nucleic acid molecules can remain bound under moderate stringency hybridization conditions. As used herein, the term “oligonucleotide” refers to a short nucleic acid polymer. Oligonucleotides may be formed by cleavage of longer nucleic acid segments, or by polymerizing individual nucleotide precursors. Automated synthesizers allow the synthesis of oligonucleotides up to several hundred base pairs in length. Because oligonucleotides may bind to a complementary nucleotide sequence, they may be used as probes for detecting DNA or RNA. Oligonucleotides composed of DNA (oligodeoxyribonucleotides) may be used in PCR, a technique for the amplification of small DNA sequences. In PCR, the oligonucleotide is typically referred to as a “primer”, which allows a DNA polymerase to extend the oligonucleotide and replicate the complementary strand. The terms “percent sequence identity” or “percent identity” or “identity” are used interchangeably to refer to a sequence comparison based on identical matches between correspondingly identical positions in the sequences being compared between two or more amino acid or nucleotide sequences. The percent identity refers to the extent to which two optimally aligned polynucleotide or peptide sequences are invariant throughout a window of alignment of components, e.g., nucleotides or amino acids. Hybridization experiments and mathematical algorithms known in the art may be used to determine percent identity. Many mathematical algorithms exist as sequence alignment computer programs known in the art that calculate percent identity. These programs may be categorized as either global sequence alignment programs or local sequence alignment programs. Global sequence alignment programs calculate the percent identity of two sequences by comparing alignments end-to-end in order to find exact matches, dividing the number of exact matches by the length of the shorter sequences, and then multiplying by 100. Basically, the percentage of identical nucleotides in a linear polynucleotide sequence of a reference (“query) polynucleotide molecule as compared to a test (“subject”) polynucleotide molecule when the two sequences are optimally aligned (with appropriate nucleotide insertions, deletions, or gaps). Local sequence alignment programs are similar in their calculation, but only compare aligned fragments of the sequences rather than utilizing an end-to-end analysis. Local sequence alignment programs such as BLAST can be used to compare specific regions of two sequences. A BLAST comparison of two sequences results in an E-value, or expectation value, that represents the number of different alignments with scores equivalent to or better than the raw alignment score, S, that are expected to occur in a database search by chance. The lower the E value, the more significant the match. Because database size is an element in E-value calculations, E-values obtained by BLASTing against public databases, such as GENBANK, have generally increased over time for any given query/entry match. In setting criteria for confidence of polypeptide function prediction, a “high” BLAST match is considered herein as having an E-value for the top BLAST hit of less than 1E-30; a medium BLASTX E-value is 1E-30 to 1E-8; and a low BLASTX E-value is greater than 1E-8. The protein function assignment in the present disclosure is determined using combinations of E-values, percent identity, query coverage and hit coverage. Query coverage refers to the percent of the query sequence that is represented in the BLAST alignment. Hit coverage refers to the percent of the database entry that is represented in the BLAST alignment. In one embodiment of the disclosure, function of a query polypeptide is inferred from function of a conserved protein sequence where either (1) hit_p<1e-30 or % identity>35% AND query_coverage>50% AND hit_coverage>50%, or (2) hit_p<1e-8 AND query_coverage>70% AND hit_coverage>70%. Methods for aligning sequences for comparison are well-known in the art. Various programs and alignment algorithms are described. In an embodiment, the subject disclosure relates to calculating percent identity between two polynucleotides or amino acid sequences using an AlignX alignment program of the Vector NTI suite (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, Calif.). The AlignX alignment program is a global sequence alignment program for polynucleotides or proteins. In an embodiment, the subject disclosure relates to calculating percent identity between two polynucleotides or amino acid sequences using the MegAlign program of the LASERGENE bioinformatics computing suite (MegAlign™ (©1993-2016). DNASTAR. Madison, Wis.). The MegAlign program is global sequence alignment program for polynucleotides or proteins. In an embodiment, the subject disclosure relates to calculating percent identity between two polynucleotides or amino acid sequences using the Clustal suite of alignment programs, including, but not limited to, ClustalW and ClustalV (Higgins and Sharp (1988) Gene. December 15; 73(1):237-44; Higgins and Sharp (1989) CABIOS 5:151-3; Higgins et al. (1992) Comput. Appl. Biosci. 8:189-91). In an embodiment, the subject disclosure relates to calculating percent identity between two polynucleotides or amino acid sequences using the BLAST suite of alignment programs, for example, but not limited to, BLASTP, BLASTN, BLASTX, etc. (Altschul et al. (1990) J. Mol. Biol. 215:403-10). Further examples of such BLAST alignment programs include Gapped-BLAST or PSI-BLAST (Altschul et al., 1997). In an embodiment, the subject disclosure relates to calculating percent identity between two polynucleotides or amino acid sequences using the EMBOSS suite of alignment programs, including, but not limited to: Matcher, Needle, Stretcher, Water, Wordmatch, etc. (Rice, P., Longden, I. & Bleasby, A. EMBOSS: The European Molecular Biology Open Software Suite.  Trends in Genetics  Journal of Molecular Biology  Advances in Applied Mathematics,  The term “similarity” refers to a comparison between amino acid sequences, and takes into account not only identical amino acids in corresponding positions, but also functionally similar amino acids in corresponding positions. Thus similarity between polypeptide sequences indicates functional similarity, in addition to sequence similarity. The term “homology” is sometimes used to refer to the level of similarity between two or more nucleic acid or amino acid sequences in terms of percent of positional identity (i.e., sequence similarity or identity). Homology also refers to the concept of evolutionary relatedness, often evidenced by similar functional properties among different nucleic acids or proteins that share similar sequences. As used herein, the term “variants” means substantially similar sequences. For nucleotide sequences, naturally occurring variants can be identified with the use of well-known molecular biology techniques, such as, for example, with polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and hybridization techniques as outlined herein. For nucleotide sequences, a variant comprises a deletion and/or addition of one or more nucleotides at one or more internal sites within the native polynucleotide and/or a substitution of one or more nucleotides at one or more sites in the native polynucleotide. As used herein, a “native” nucleotide sequence comprises a naturally occurring nucleotide sequence. For nucleotide sequences, naturally occurring variants can be identified with the use of well-known molecular biology techniques, as, for example, with polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and hybridization techniques as outlined below. Variant nucleotide sequences also include synthetically derived nucleotide sequences, such as those generated, for example, by using site-directed mutagenesis. Generally, variants of a particular nucleotide sequence of the disclosure will have at least about 40%, 45%, 50%>, 55%, 60%, 65%, 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 91%, 92%, 93%, 94%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98% o, 99% or more sequence identity to that particular nucleotide sequence as determined by sequence alignment programs and parameters described elsewhere herein. A biologically active variant of a nucleotide sequence of the disclosure may differ from that sequence by as few as 1-15 nucleic acid residues, as few as 1-10, such as 6-10, as few as 5, as few as 4, 3, 2, or even 1 nucleic acid residue. As used herein the term “operably linked” relates to a first nucleic acid sequence is operably linked with a second nucleic acid sequence when the first nucleic acid sequence is in a functional relationship with the second nucleic acid sequence. For instance, a promoter is operably linked with a coding sequence when the promoter affects the transcription or expression of the coding sequence. When recombinantly produced, operably linked nucleic acid sequences are generally contiguous and, where necessary to join two protein-coding regions, in the same reading frame. However, elements need not be contiguous to be operably linked. As used herein, the term “regeneration” means the process of growing a plant from a plant cell (e.g., plant protoplast or explant). As used herein, the term “culturing” refers to the in vitro propagation of cells or organisms on or in media of various kinds so that the maintenance or growth cell within a liquid culture medium are controlled under a set of physical conditions. It is understood that the descendants of a cell grown in culture may not be completely identical (i.e., morphologically, genetically, or phenotypically) to the parent cell. As used herein, the term “co-expressing” refers to two or more gene products which are produced at the same time within the same host organism. As used herein, the term “degenerate” refers to a primer or probe nucleic acid in which certain positions are not defined by a single, specific nucleotide. Thus, in such a degenerate position, the primer or probe sequence can be either one of at least two different nucleotides. Such positions often represent difference in genotypes of the target nucleic acid. A degenerate sequence may also be represented as a mixture of multiple non-degenerate individual sequences which, for the purpose of this disclosure, differ in at least two positions. As used herein, the term “expression” refers to the combination of intracellular processes, including transcription and translation undergone by a coding DNA molecule such as a structural gene to produce a polypeptide. As used herein, the term “transgenic cell” means any cell derived or regenerated from a transformed cell or derived from a transgenic cell. Exemplary transgenic cells include plant calli derived from a transformed plant cell and particular cells such as leaf, root, stem, e.g., somatic cells, or reproductive (germ) cells obtained from a transgenic plant. As used herein, the term “transgenic plant” means a plant or progeny thereof derived from a transformed plant cell or protoplast, wherein the plant DNA contains an introduced exogenous DNA molecule not originally present in a native, non-transgenic plant of the same strain. The terms “transgenic plant” and “transformed plant” have sometimes been used in the art as synonymous terms to define a plant whose DNA contains an exogenous DNA molecule. However, it is thought more scientifically correct to refer to a regenerated plant or callus obtained from a transformed plant cell or protoplast as being a transgenic plant, and that usage will be followed herein. As used herein, the term “primer” refers to an oligonucleotide capable of acting as a point of initiation of synthesis along a complementary strand when conditions are suitable for synthesis of a primer extension product. The synthesizing conditions include the presence of four different deoxyribonucleotide triphosphates and at least one polymerization-inducing agent such as reverse transcriptase or DNA polymerase. These are present in a suitable buffer, which may include constituents which are co-factors or which affect conditions such as pH and the like at various suitable temperatures. A primer is typically a single strand sequence, such that amplification efficiency is optimized, but double stranded sequences can be utilized. As used herein, the term “probe” refers to an oligonucleotide that hybridizes to a target sequence. In the TaqMan® or TaqMan®-style assay procedure, the probe hybridizes to a portion of the target situated between the annealing site of the two primers. A probe includes about eight nucleotides, about ten nucleotides, about fifteen nucleotides, about twenty nucleotides, about thirty nucleotides, about forty nucleotides, or about fifty nucleotides. In some embodiments, a probe includes from about eight nucleotides to about fifteen nucleotides. A probe can further include a detectable label, e.g., a fluorophore (Texas-Red®, Fluorescein isothiocyanate, etc.,). The detectable label can be covalently attached directly to the probe oligonucleotide, e.g., located at the probe's 5′ end or at the probe's 3′ end. A probe including a fluorophore may also further include a quencher, e.g., Black Hole Quencher™, Iowa Black™, etc. As used herein, the terms “restriction endonucleases” and “restriction enzymes” refer to bacterial enzymes, each of which cut double-stranded DNA at or near a specific nucleotide sequence. Type-2 restriction enzymes recognize and cleave DNA at the same site, and include but are not limited to XbaI, BamHI, HindIII, EcoRI, XhoI, SalI, KpnI, AvaI, PstI and SmaI. As used herein, the term “vector” is used interchangeably with the terms “construct”, “cloning vector” and “expression vector” and means the vehicle by which a DNA or RNA sequence (e.g. a foreign gene) can be introduced into a host cell, so as to transform the host and promote expression (e.g. transcription and translation) of the introduced sequence. A “non-viral vector” is intended to mean any vector that does not comprise a virus or retrovirus. In some embodiments a “vector” is a sequence of DNA comprising at least one origin of DNA replication and at least one selectable marker gene. Examples include, but are not limited to, a plasmid, cosmid, bacteriophage, bacterial artificial chromosome (BAC), or virus that carries exogenous DNA into a cell. A vector can also include one or more genes, antisense molecules, and/or selectable marker genes and other genetic elements known in the art. A vector may transduce, transform, or infect a cell, thereby causing the cell to express the nucleic acid molecules and/or proteins encoded by the vector. The term “plasmid” defines a circular strand of nucleic acid capable of autosomal replication in either a prokaryotic or a eukaryotic host cell. The term includes nucleic acid which may be either DNA or RNA and may be single- or double-stranded. The plasmid of the definition may also include the sequences which correspond to a bacterial origin of replication. As used herein, the term “selectable marker gene” defines a gene or other expression cassette which encodes a protein which facilitates identification of cells into which the selectable marker gene is inserted. For example a “selectable marker gene” encompasses reporter genes as well as genes used in plant transformation to, for example, protect plant cells from a selective agent or provide resistance/tolerance to a selective agent. In one embodiment only those cells or plants that receive a functional selectable marker are capable of dividing or growing under conditions having a selective agent. The phrase “marker-positive” refers to plants that have been transformed to include a selectable marker gene. As used herein, the term “detectable marker” refers to a label capable of detection, such as, for example, a radioisotope, fluorescent compound, bioluminescent compound, a chemiluminescent compound, metal chelator, or enzyme. Examples of detectable markers include, but are not limited to, the following: fluorescent labels (e.g., FITC, rhodamine, lanthanide phosphors), enzymatic labels (e.g., horseradish peroxidase, β-galactosidase, luciferase, alkaline phosphatase), chemiluminescent, biotinyl groups, predetermined polypeptide epitopes recognized by a secondary reporter (e.g., leucine zipper pair sequences, binding sites for secondary antibodies, metal binding domains, epitope tags). In an embodiment, a detectable marker can be attached by spacer arms of various lengths to reduce potential steric hindrance. As used herein, the terms “cassette”, “expression cassette” and “gene expression cassette” refer to a segment of DNA that can be inserted into a nucleic acid or polynucleotide at specific restriction sites or by homologous recombination. As used herein the segment of DNA comprises a polynucleotide that encodes a polypeptide of interest, and the cassette and restriction sites are designed to ensure insertion of the cassette in the proper reading frame for transcription and translation. In an embodiment, an expression cassette can include a polynucleotide that encodes a polypeptide of interest and having elements in addition to the polynucleotide that facilitate transformation of a particular host cell. In an embodiment, a gene expression cassette may also include elements that allow for enhanced expression of a polynucleotide encoding a polypeptide of interest in a host cell. These elements may include, but are not limited to: a promoter, a minimal promoter, an enhancer, a response element, a terminator sequence, a polyadenylation sequence, and the like. As used herein a “linker” or “spacer” is a bond, molecule or group of molecules that binds two separate entities to one another. Linkers and spacers may provide for optimal spacing of the two entities or may further supply a labile linkage that allows the two entities to be separated from each other. Labile linkages include photocleavable groups, acid-labile moieties, base-labile moieties and enzyme-cleavable groups. The terms “polylinker” or “multiple cloning site” as used herein defines a cluster of three or more Type-2 restriction enzyme sites located within 10 nucleotides of one another on a nucleic acid sequence. In other instances the term “polylinker” as used herein refers to a stretch of nucleotides that are targeted for joining two sequences via any known seamless cloning method (i.e., Gibson Assembly®, NEBuilder HiFiDNA Assembly®, Golden Gate Assembly, BioBrick® Assembly, etc.). Constructs comprising a polylinker are utilized for the insertion and/or excision of nucleic acid sequences such as the coding region of a gene. As used herein, the term “control” refers to a sample used in an analytical procedure for comparison purposes. A control can be “positive” or “negative”. For example, where the purpose of an analytical procedure is to detect a differentially expressed transcript or polypeptide in cells or tissue, it is generally preferable to include a positive control, such as a sample from a known plant exhibiting the desired expression, and a negative control, such as a sample from a known plant lacking the desired expression. As used herein, the term “plant” includes a whole plant and any descendant, cell, tissue, or part of a plant. A class of plant that can be used in the present disclosure is generally as broad as the class of higher and lower plants amenable to mutagenesis including angiosperms (monocotyledonous and dicotyledonous plants), gymnosperms, ferns and multicellular algae. Thus, “plant” includes dicot and monocot plants. The term “plant parts” include any part(s) of a plant, including, for example and without limitation: seed (including mature seed and immature seed); a plant cutting; a plant cell; a plant cell culture; a plant organ (e.g., pollen, embryos, flowers, fruits, shoots, leaves, roots, stems, and explants). A plant tissue or plant organ may be a seed, protoplast, callus, or any other group of plant cells that is organized into a structural or functional unit. A plant cell or tissue culture may be capable of regenerating a plant having the physiological and morphological characteristics of the plant from which the cell or tissue was obtained, and of regenerating a plant having substantially the same genotype as the plant. In contrast, some plant cells are not capable of being regenerated to produce plants. Regenerable cells in a plant cell or tissue culture may be embryos, protoplasts, meristematic cells, callus, pollen, leaves, anthers, roots, root tips, silk, flowers, kernels, ears, cobs, husks, or stalks. Plant parts include harvestable parts and parts useful for propagation of progeny plants. Plant parts useful for propagation include, for example and without limitation: seed; fruit; a cutting; a seedling; a tuber; and a rootstock. A harvestable part of a plant may be any useful part of a plant, including, for example and without limitation: flower; pollen; seedling; tuber; leaf; stem; fruit; seed; and root. A plant cell is the structural and physiological unit of the plant, comprising a protoplast and a cell wall. A plant cell may be in the form of an isolated single cell, or an aggregate of cells (e.g., a friable callus and a cultured cell), and may be part of a higher organized unit (e.g., a plant tissue, plant organ, and plant). Thus, a plant cell may be a protoplast, a gamete producing cell, or a cell or collection of cells that can regenerate into a whole plant. As such, a seed, which comprises multiple plant cells and is capable of regenerating into a whole plant, is considered a “plant cell” in embodiments herein. As used herein, the term “linkage disequilibrium” refers to a statistical association between two loci or between a trait and a marker. As used herein, linkage between genes or markers refers to the phenomenon in which genes or markers on a chromosome show a measurable probability of being passed on together to individuals in the next generation. The closer two genes or markers are to each other, the closer to (1) this probability becomes. Thus, the term “linked.” may refer to one or more genes or markers that are passed together with a gene with a probability greater than 0.5 (which is expected from independent assortment where markers/genes are located on different chromosomes) Because the proximity of two genes or markers on a chromosome is directly related to the probability that the genes or markers will be passed together to individuals in the next generation, the term “linked” may also refer herein to one or more genes or markers that are located within about 2.0 Mb of one another on the same  Brassica  Markers and/or genes may also be “linked” to a phenotype, for example, a phenotype in which the linked gene or gene linked to the linked marker is involved. As will be understood by those of skill in the art, the length of this marker will vary if nucleotides are added or subtracted from the span of genomic DNA located between the distal ends of the particular primers used when annealed. As used herein, the term “tightly linked” may refer to one or more genes or markers that are located within about 0.5 Mb of one another on the same chromosome. Thus, two “tightly linked” genes or markers may be separated by about 0.6 Mb; about 0.55 Mb; 0.5 Mb; about 0.45 Mb; about 0.4 Mb; about 0.35 Mb; about 0.3 Mb; about 0.25 Mb; about 0.2 Mb; about 0.15 Mb; about 0.12 Mb; about 0.1 Mb, about 0.05 Mb, and about 0.00 Mb. As used herein, the term “extremely tightly linked” may refer to one or more genes or markers that are located within about 100 kb of one another on the same chromosome. Thus, two “extremely tightly linked” genes or markers may be separated by about 125 kb; about 120 kb; about 115 kb; about 110 kb; about 105 kb; 100 kb; about 95 kb; about 90 kb; about 85 kb, about 80 kb; about 75 kb; about 70 kb; about 65 kb; about 60 kb, about 55 kb; about 50 kb; about 45 kb; about 40 kb; about 35 kb; about 30 kb; about 25 kb; about 20 kb; about 15 kb; about 12 kb; about 10 kb; about 5 kb; about 1 kb, and about 0 kb. Linked, tightly linked, and extremely tightly genetic markers may be useful in marker-assisted breeding programs to identify individuals comprising linked phenotypes and/or gene types, and to breed these traits and/or genes into  Brassica  Additional markers can be identified as equivalent to this exemplary marker, for example, by determining the frequency of recombination between the additional marker and the exemplary SSR marker Such determinations may utilize an improved method of orthogonal contrasts based on the method of Mather (1931),  The Measurement of Linkage in Heredity As used herein, the term “crossing” as used herein refers to the fertilization of female plants (or gametes) by male plants (or gametes). The term “gamete” refers to the haploid reproductive cell (egg or sperm) produced in plants by mitosis from a gametophyte and involved in sexual reproduction, during which two gametes of opposite sex fuse to form a diploid zygote. The term generally includes reference to a pollen (including the sperm cell) and an ovule (including the ovum). “Crossing” therefore generally refers to the fertilization of ovules of one individual with pollen from another individual, whereas “selfing” refers to the fertilization of ovules of an individual with pollen from the same individual. When referring to crossing in the context of achieving the introgression of a genomic region or segment, the skilled person will understand that in order to achieve the introgression of only a part of a chromosome of one plant into the chromosome of another plant, it is required that random portions of the genomes of both parental lines will be recombined during the cross due to the occurrence of crossing-over events in the production of the gametes in the parent lines. Therefore, the genomes of both parents must be combined in a single cell by a cross, where after the production of gametes from said cell and their fusion in fertilization will result in an introgression event. The term “zygosity” means determining whether the source of nucleic acid appears heterozygous, homozygous, or hemizygous. As used herein, the term “heterozygous” means a genetic condition existing when different alleles reside at corresponding loci on homologous chromosomes. As used herein, the term “homozygous” means a genetic condition existing when identical alleles reside at corresponding loci on homologous chromosomes. As used herein, the term “hemizygous” means having an allele of a gene at a given locus on one chromosome in the diploid state, for which there is no corresponding locus on the other chromosome of the pair. As used herein, the term “introgression” refers to a genomic segment that has moved from one individual, species, variety or cultivar into the genome of another individual, species, variety or cultivar, by crossing those individuals, species, varieties or cultivars. As used herein, the terms “introgressing”, “introgress” and “introgressed” refer to both a natural and artificial process whereby individual genes or entire traits are moved from one individual, species, variety or cultivar into the genome of another species, variety or cultivar, by crossing those species, varieties or cultivars. In plant breeding, the process usually involves selfing or backcrossing to the recurrent parent to provide for an increasingly homozygous plant having essentially the characteristics of the recurrent parent in addition to the introgressed gene or trait. The term “backcross” refers to the process wherein the plant resulting from a cross between two parental lines is crossed with one of its parental lines, wherein the parental line used in the backcross is referred to as the recurrent parent. Repeated backcrossing results in the genome becoming more and more homozygous or inbred. The term “selfing” refers to the process of self-fertilization wherein an individual is pollinated or fertilized with its own pollen. Unless otherwise specifically explained, all technical and scientific terms used herein have the same meaning as commonly understood by those of ordinary skill in the art to which this disclosure belongs. Definitions of common terms in molecular biology can be found in, for example: Lewin,  Genes V The Encyclopedia of Molecular Biology Molecular Biology and Biotechnology: A Comprehensive Desk Reference Embodiments A plant cell, callus, tissue or plant may be identified and isolated by selecting or screening the plant material for the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocations in  B. napus B. napus B. napus B. napus  B. napus.  Amplification of a nucleic acid sequence may be carried out by any suitable methodologies. See generally, Kwoh et al., Am. Biotechnol. Lab. 8, 14-25 (1990). Examples of suitable amplification techniques include, but are not limited to, polymerase chain reaction, ligase chain reaction, strand displacement amplification (see generally G. Walker et al., Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 89, 392-396 (1992); G. Walker et al., Nucleic Acids Res. 20, 1691-1696 (1992)), transcription-based amplification (see D. Kwoh et al., Proc. Natl. Acad Sci. USA 86, 1173-1177 (1989)), self-sustained sequence replication (or “35R”) (see J. Guatelli et al., Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 87, 1874-1878 (1990)), the Qβ replicase system (see P. Lizardi et al., BioTechnology 6, 1197-1202 (1988)), nucleic acid sequence-based amplification (or “NASBA”) (see R. Lewis, Genetic Engineering News 12 (9), 1 (1992)), the repair chain reaction (or “RCR”) (see R. Lewis, supra), and boomerang DNA amplification (or “BDA”) (see R. Lewis, supra). Polymerase chain reaction is generally preferred. The polynucleotides that comprise the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocations in  B. napus As such, the chromosomal interval of: base pairs 17578019 to 17583020 of chromosome 7 from the DH12075 v1.1 genome is provided as SEQ ID NO:1; of base pairs 20106368 to 20111369 of chromosome 7 from the NS1822BC genome is provided as SEQ ID NO:2; of base pairs 13651438 to 13656439 of chromosome 16 from the DH12075 v1.1 genome is provided as SEQ ID NO:3; and, of base pairs 8089982 to 8094983 of chromosome 16 from the NS1822BC genome is provided as SEQ ID NO:4. In addition, probe sequences are provided herein: DHN16 probe sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 21-137; DHN7 probe sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 138-254; NSN16 probe sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 255-371; NSN7 probe sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 372-488. In addition, primer sequences are provided herein: DHN7 primer sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13 and SEQ ID NO:15; DHN16 primer sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17 and SEQ ID NO:19; NSN7 primer sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14 and SEQ ID NO:16; and, NSN16 primer sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18 and SEQ ID NO:20. These sequences provide exemplified compositions that can be used in an amplification reaction. Those with skill in the art could utilize the primer and probe sequences as disclosed to amplify a fragment of the genomic sequences and to detect the resulting amplicon. In some embodiments an amplicon can be detected. In an aspect of this embodiment the amplicon is detected on an agarose gel via electrophoresis. Those with skill in the art appreciate the various types of agarose gel electrophoresis reagents and techniques that may be used. For instance pulsed field gel electrophoresis, pulsed orthogonal gel electrophoresis agarose multigel electrophoresis, and traditional agarose gel electrophoresis can be used with the subject disclosure. In further embodiments the size of the amplicon can be detected to determine whether the assay for the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocations in  B. napus Following the completion of the PCR reaction and probe detection, a table and distribution graph may be generated using, for example, any suitable computer graphics software. Results obtained with wild-type, hemizygous and homozygous DNA of similar and/or known genotypic backgrounds may serve as positive or negative controls. In a segregating population, three clusters of data points may be obtained, allowing the visual determination of a sample result as likely belonging to one of the segregated clusters. Alternatively, data analysis computer software may be used to calculate the probability that a sample result belongs to each segregated cluster, with the most probable cluster serving as the sample designation. When a visual determination is made, the boundary of each cluster may be arbitrary, for example, when three clusters of data points are clearly visible. Raw fluorescence intensity data may also be analyzed directly from a plate reader using a suitable analysis package, such as KLIMS (KBioscience laboratory information management system). A graph with the relative fluorescence units (RFU) of a fluorescence signal generated by a specific probe for a mutant allele plotted on one axis, and the RFU of a fluorescence signal generated by a specific probe for the wild-type allele plotted on the other axis may be generated. Zygosity determinations may then be made based on the cluster separation in a graphical display of the data. Samples that do not contain the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in a  B. napus  In an embodiment, the amplification reaction is quantified. In other embodiments, the amplification reaction is quantitated using a signature profile, in which the signature profile is selected from the group consisting of a melting temperature or a fluorescence signature profile. In some embodiments the amplification reaction is quantitated via the Delta Delta ct method. In other embodiments the amplification reaction is quantitated via the comparative cycle threshold method. In further embodiments the amplification reaction is quantitated via the standard curve method. Standard Curve. Nucleic acids can be used to establish a standard curve. These methods are well known and include internal controls, double stranded DNA, a cDNA expressing a target gene, or an in vitro generated single stranded DNA. Methods may vary according to the nucleic acid chosen to serve as the standard to establish a standard curve. Comparative Cycle Threshold. The comparative cycle threshold (Ct) method, also known as the 2 −ΔΔCt  Ct Method. The Ct method can also be described by the ΔΔCt formula; ΔΔCt=ΔCt test sample reference sample DNA may be isolated (for example, extracted, and purified) from plant tissue by methods known to those of skill in the art. Commercial kits for DNA isolation are available, for example, from Qiagen, Inc. In some embodiments, leaf discs from a particular plant are punched and transferred into collection tubes. The puncher may be cleaned after each sampling with 70% alcohol, rinsing in water, and drying. DNA extraction buffers may be prepared according to the manufacturer's recommendations. DNA may then be isolated using the kit according to the manufacturer's instructions. Finally, the concentration of the isolated DNA may be determined using, for example, a Quant-iT™ PicoGreen® Quantification Kit (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, Calif.) and a spectrophotometer, or by any other suitable technique. In further embodiments, the compositions and methods of the subject disclosure may be used to design novel primer and probe sequences to the chromosomal interval of base pairs 17578019 to 17583020 of chromosome 7 from the DH12075 v1.1 genome is provided as SEQ ID NO:1. Those with skill in the art could utilize the disclosure to design primers of about 12 base pairs, 13 base pairs, 14 base pairs, 15 base pairs, 16 base pairs, 17 base pairs, 18 base pairs, 19 base pairs, 20 base pairs, 21 base pairs, 22 base pairs, 23 base pairs 24 base pairs, 25 base pairs, 26 base pairs, 27 base pairs, 28 base pairs, 29 base pairs, 30 base pairs or more that can bind this polynucleotide sequence (e.g. SEQ ID NO:1). The primers that can be designed to bind the sequence could either be directly complementary to the sequence or the reverse complement of the sequence. Likewise, those with skill in the art could utilize the disclosure to design probes of about 12 base pairs, 13 base pairs, 14 base pairs, 15 base pairs, 16 base pairs, 17 base pairs, 18 base pairs, 19 base pairs, 20 base pairs, or more that can bind this polynucleotide sequence (e.g. SEQ ID NO:1). The probes that can be designed to bind the sequence could either be directly complementary to the sequence or the reverse complement of the sequence. Exemplary DHN7 primer sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 489-2990, SEQ ID NO:5 SEQ ID NO:6, SEQ ID NO:13 and SEQ ID NO:15. Exemplary DHN7 probe sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 138-254. Those with skill in the art would be able to design and produce such compositions given that the chromosomal interval of base pairs 17578019 to 17583020 of chromosome 7 from the DH12075 v1.1 genome is provided as SEQ ID NO:1 is disclosed herein. In further embodiments, the compositions and methods of the subject disclosure may be used to design novel primer and probe sequences to the chromosomal interval of base pairs 20106368 to 20111369 of chromosome 7 from the NS1822BC genome is provided as SEQ ID NO:2. Those with skill in the art could utilize the disclosure to design primers of about 12 base pairs, 13 base pairs, 14 base pairs, 15 base pairs, 16 base pairs, 17 base pairs, 18 base pairs, 19 base pairs, 20 base pairs, 21 base pairs, 22 base pairs, 23 base pairs 24 base pairs, 25 base pairs, 26 base pairs, 27 base pairs, 28 base pairs, 29 base pairs, 30 base pairs or more that can bind this polynucleotide sequence (e.g. SEQ ID NO:2). The primers that can be designed to bind the sequence could either be directly complementary to the sequence or the reverse complement of the sequence. Likewise, those with skill in the art could utilize the disclosure to design probes of about 12 base pairs, 13 base pairs, 14 base pairs, 15 base pairs, 16 base pairs, 17 base pairs, 18 base pairs, 19 base pairs, 20 base pairs, or more that can bind this polynucleotide sequence (e.g. SEQ ID NO:2). The probes that can be designed to bind the sequence could either be directly complementary to the sequence or the reverse complement of the sequence. Exemplary NSN7 primer sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 5493-8026, SEQ ID NO:9, SEQ ID NO:10, SEQ ID NO:14 and SEQ ID NO:16. Exemplary NSN7 probe sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 372-488. Those with skill in the art would be able to design and produce such compositions given that the chromosomal interval of base pairs 20106368 to 20111369 of chromosome 7 from the NS1822BC genome is provided as SEQ ID NO:2 is disclosed herein. In further embodiments, the compositions and methods of the subject disclosure may be used to design novel primer and probe sequences to the chromosomal interval of base pairs 13651438 to 13656439 of chromosome 16 from the DH12075 v1.1 genome is provided as SEQ ID NO:3. Those with skill in the art could utilize the disclosure to design primers of about 12 base pairs, 13 base pairs, 14 base pairs, 15 base pairs, 16 base pairs, 17 base pairs, 18 base pairs, 19 base pairs, 20 base pairs, 21 base pairs, 22 base pairs, 23 base pairs 24 base pairs, 25 base pairs, 26 base pairs, 27 base pairs, 28 base pairs, 29 base pairs, 30 base pairs or more that can bind this polynucleotide sequence (e.g. SEQ ID NO:3). The primers that can be designed to bind the sequence could either be directly complementary to the sequence or the reverse complement of the sequence. Likewise, those with skill in the art could utilize the disclosure to design probes of about 12 base pairs, 13 base pairs, 14 base pairs, 15 base pairs, 16 base pairs, 17 base pairs, 18 base pairs, 19 base pairs, 20 base pairs, or more that can bind this polynucleotide sequence (e.g. SEQ ID NO:3). The probes that can be designed to bind the sequence could either be directly complementary to the sequence or the reverse complement of the sequence. Exemplary DHN16 primer sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 2991-5492, SEQ ID NO:7, SEQ ID NO:8, SEQ ID NO:17 and SEQ ID NO:19. Exemplary DHN16 probe sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 21-137. Those with skill in the art would be able to design and produce such compositions given that the chromosomal interval of base pairs 13651438 to 13656439 of chromosome 16 from the DH12075 v1.1 genome is provided as SEQ ID NO:3 is disclosed herein. In further embodiments, the compositions and methods of the subject disclosure may be used to design novel primer and probe sequences to the chromosomal interval of base pairs base pairs 8089982 to 8094983 of chromosome 16 from the NS1822BC genome is provided as SEQ ID NO:4. Those with skill in the art could utilize the disclosure to design primers of about 12 base pairs, 13 base pairs, 14 base pairs, 15 base pairs, 16 base pairs, 17 base pairs, 18 base pairs, 19 base pairs, 20 base pairs, 21 base pairs, 22 base pairs, 23 base pairs 24 base pairs, 25 base pairs, 26 base pairs, 27 base pairs, 28 base pairs, 29 base pairs, 30 base pairs or more that can bind this polynucleotide sequence (e.g. SEQ ID NO:4). The primers that can be designed to bind the sequence could either be directly complementary to the sequence or the reverse complement of the sequence. Likewise, those with skill in the art could utilize the disclosure to design probes of about 12 base pairs, 13 base pairs, 14 base pairs, 15 base pairs, 16 base pairs, 17 base pairs, 18 base pairs, 19 base pairs, 20 base pairs, or more that can bind this polynucleotide sequence (e.g. SEQ ID NO:4). The probes that can be designed to bind the sequence could either be directly complementary to the sequence or the reverse complement of the sequence. Exemplary NSN16 primer sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 8027-10560, SEQ ID NO:11, SEQ ID NO:12, SEQ ID NO:18 and SEQ ID NO:20. Exemplary NSN16 probe sequences are provided as SEQ ID NO: 255-371. Those with skill in the art would be able to design and produce such a compositions given that the chromosomal interval of base pairs 8089982 to 8094983 of chromosome 16 from the NS1822BC genome is provided as SEQ ID NO:4 is disclosed herein. In other embodiments, compositions and methods of the subject disclosure may be used in specific amplification assays such an end-point amplification assay to the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation. For example, an end-point PCR assay for testing the zygosity of  B. napus  B. napus  In an embodiment, an end-point method for the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in a  B. napus  B. napus B. napus  B. napus In some embodiments the fluorescent signal or fluorescent dye is selected from the group consisting of a HEX fluorescent dye, a FAM fluorescent dye, a JOE fluorescent dye, a TET fluorescent dye, a Cy 3 fluorescent dye, a Cy 3.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 7 fluorescent dye, and a ROX fluorescent dye. These fluorescent signals or fluorescent dyes provide exemplified compositions that can be used in an amplification reaction. In other embodiments the quencher is selected from the group consisting of a Dabcyl quencher, a Tamra quencher, a Qxl quencher, an Iowa Black FQ quencher, an Iowa Black RQ quencher, an IR Dye QC-1 quencher, a Minor Groove Binding quencher, or a Blackhole quencher. These quenchers provide exemplified compositions that can be used in an amplification reaction. In other embodiments the amplification reaction is run using suitable second fluorescent DNA dyes that are capable of staining cellular DNA at a concentration range detectable by flow cytometry, and have a fluorescent emission spectrum which is detectable by a real time thermocycler. It should be appreciated by those of ordinary skill in the art that other nucleic acid dyes are known and are continually being identified. Any suitable nucleic acid dye with appropriate excitation and emission spectra can be employed, such as YO-PRO-1®, SYTOX Green®, SYBR Green I®, SYTO11®, SYTO12®, SYTO13®, BOBO®, YOYO®, and TOTO®. in one embodiment, a second fluorescent DNA dye is SYTO13® used at less than 10 μM, less than 4 μM, or less than 2.7 μM. These dyes provide exemplified compositions that can be used in an amplification reaction. Target-specific primers and probes may be labeled, for example, with fluorescent dyes (e.g., FAM, VIC, and MGBNFQ), which may allow rapid quantification of a target-specific fluorescent signal. PCR products may be measured after a pre-determined number of cycles, for example, when the reaction is in the early exponential phase. In some embodiments, a label comprises a fluorescent dye (e.g., a rhodamine dye (e.g., R6G, R110, TAMRA, ROX, etc.), a fluorescein dye (e.g., JOE, VIC, TET, HEX, FAM, etc.), a halofluorescein dye, a cyanine dye (e.g., CY3, CY3.5, CY5, CY5.5, etc.), a Bodipy® dye (e.g., FL, 530/550, TR, TMR, etc.), an Alexa Fluor® dye (e.g., 488, 532, 546, 568, 594, 555, 653, 647, 660, 680, etc.), a dichlororhodamine dye, an energy transfer dye (e.g., Bigdye®. v 1 dyes, Bigdye® v 2 dyes, Bigdye® v 3 dyes, etc.), Lucifer dyes (e.g., Lucifer yellow, etc.), Cascade Blue®, Oregon Green®, and the like. Fluorescent dyes can be distinguished and measured during amplification by their emitted excitation and/or emission spectra. In an embodiment, a PCR assay method can include loading a PCR reaction mixture in a PCR assay tube, wherein the PCR reaction mixture comprises a polymerase with 5′ to 3′ nuclease activity, deoxynucleotides, a buffer, a first and a second forward primer, a first and a second reverse primer, a first and a second probe, and a polynucleotide sample, and wherein the first probe and the second probe comprise fluorescent dyes with distinguishable excitation/emission spectra; and performing an amplification step(s) under amplification conditions such that the 5′ to 3′ nuclease activity of the polymerase cleaves the first and second probes, thereby releasing fluorescent dyes comprising distinguishable excitation/emission spectra. Compositions and methods of the subject disclosure may be used in specific amplification assays such as a zygosity assay. For example, an end-point PCR assay for testing the zygosity of  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  In an embodiment, a method for determining zygosity of N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in a  B. napus  B. napus B. napus B. napus Compositions and methods of the subject disclosure may be used in specific amplification assays such an assay to detect trait introgression resulting from the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation. For example, an end-point PCR assay for testing the zygosity of  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  Traits for Introgression In some embodiments the assay to detect the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in  B. napus  B. napus  Native traits of interest may be detected with the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in  B. napus  B. napus  Native traits of interest can include genes and traits f the seeds may be evaluated using techniques such as Near Infrared Reflectance Spectroscopy. Transgenes of interest may be detected with the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in  B. napus  B. napus  1. Insect Resistance Various insect resistance genes can be further stacked with the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal locus in  B. napus B. napus  2. Herbicide Tolerance Various herbicide tolerance genes can be can be further stacked with the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal locus in  B. napus B. napus  Arabidopsis thaliana  Plant Physiol  B. subtilis  Bacillus subtilis  Biosci Biotechnol Biochem  3. Agronomic Traits Various agronomic trait genes can be further stacked with the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal locus in  B. napus B. napus  4. DNA Binding Proteins Various DNA binding transgene/heterologous coding sequence genes/heterologous coding sequences can be can be further stacked with the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal locus in  B. napus B. napus  5. Small RNA Various small RNA sequences can be can be further stacked with N7/N16 homologous chromosomal locus in  B. napus B. napus  Solanum verrucosum  6. Selectable Markers Various selectable markers also described as reporter genes can be can be further stacked with the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal locus in  B. napus B. napus  Selectable marker genes are utilized for selection of transformed cells or tissues. Selectable marker genes include genes encoding antibiotic resistance, such as those encoding neomycin phosphotransferase II (NEO), spectinomycin/streptinomycin resistance (AAD), and hygromycin phosphotransferase (HPT or HGR) as well as genes conferring resistance to herbicidal compounds. Herbicide resistance genes generally code for a modified target protein insensitive to the herbicide or for an enzyme that degrades or detoxifies the herbicide in the plant before it can act. For example, resistance to glyphosate has been obtained by using genes coding for mutant target enzymes, 5-enolpyruvylshikimate-3-phosphate synthase (EPSPS). Genes and mutants for EPSPS are well known, and further described below. Resistance to glufosinate ammonium, bromoxynil, and 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetate (2,4-D) have been obtained by using bacterial genes encoding PAT or DSM-2, a nitrilase, an AAD-1, or an AAD-12, each of which are examples of proteins that detoxify their respective herbicides. In an embodiment, herbicides can inhibit the growing point or meristem, including imidazolinone or sulfonylurea, and genes for resistance/tolerance of acetohydroxyacid synthase (AHAS) and acetolactate synthase (ALS) for these herbicides are well known. Glyphosate resistance genes include mutant 5-enolpyruvylshikimate-3-phosphate synthase (EPSPs) and dgt-28 genes (via the introduction of recombinant nucleic acids and/or various forms of in vivo mutagenesis of native EPSPs genes), aroA genes and glyphosate acetyl transferase (GAT) genes, respectively). Resistance genes for other phosphono compounds include bar and pat genes from  Streptomyces  Streptomyces hygroscopicus  Streptomyces viridichromogenes In an embodiment, selectable marker genes include, but are not limited to genes encoding: 2,4-D; neomycin phosphotransferase II; cyanamide hydratase; aspartate kinase; dihydrodipicolinate synthase; tryptophan decarboxylase; dihydrodipicolinate synthase and desensitized aspartate kinase; bar gene; tryptophan decarboxylase; neomycin phosphotransferase (NEO); hygromycin phosphotransferase (HPT or HYG); dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR); phosphinothricin acetyltransferase; 2,2-dichloropropionic acid dehalogenase; acetohydroxyacid synthase; 5-enolpyruvyl-shikimate-phosphate synthase (aroA); haloarylnitrilase; acetyl-coenzyme A carboxylase; dihydropteroate synthase (sul I); and 32 kD photosystem II polypeptide (psbA). An embodiment also includes selectable marker genes encoding resistance to: chloramphenicol; methotrexate; hygromycin; spectinomycin; bromoxynil; glyphosate; and phosphinothricin. The above list of selectable marker genes is not meant to be limiting. Any reporter or selectable marker gene are encompassed by the present disclosure. In some embodiments the coding sequences are synthesized for optimal expression in a plant. For example, in an embodiment, a coding sequence of a gene has been modified by codon optimization to enhance expression in plants. An insecticidal resistance transgene, an herbicide tolerance transgene, a nitrogen use efficiency transgene, a water use efficiency transgene, a nutritional quality transgene, a DNA binding transgene, or a selectable marker transgene/heterologous coding sequence can be optimized for expression in a particular plant species or alternatively can be modified for optimal expression in dicotyledonous or monocotyledonous plants. Plant preferred codons may be determined from the codons of highest frequency in the proteins expressed in the largest amount in the particular plant species of interest. In an embodiment, a coding sequence, gene, heterologous coding sequence or transgene/heterologous coding sequence is designed to be expressed in plants at a higher level resulting in higher transformation efficiency. Methods for plant optimization of genes are well known. Guidance regarding the optimization and production of synthetic DNA sequences can be found in, for example, WO2013016546, WO2011146524, WO1997013402, U.S. Pat. Nos. 6,166,302, and 5,380,831, herein incorporated by reference. Molecular Confirmation Methods of confirming the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in  B. napus  B. napus  Molecular Beacons have been described for use in sequence detection. Briefly, a FRET oligonucleotide probe is designed that overlaps the flanking genomic and insert DNA junction. The unique structure of the FRET probe results in it containing a secondary structure that keeps the fluorescent and quenching moieties in close proximity. The FRET probe and PCR primers (one primer in the insert DNA sequence and one in the flanking genomic sequence) are cycled in the presence of a thermostable polymerase and dNTPs. Following successful PCR amplification, hybridization of the FRET probe(s) to the target sequence results in the removal of the probe secondary structure and spatial separation of the fluorescent and quenching moieties. A fluorescent signal indicates the presence of the flanking genomic/transgene insert sequence due to successful amplification and hybridization. Such a molecular beacon assay for detection of as an amplification reaction is an embodiment of the subject disclosure. Hydrolysis probe assay, otherwise known as TAQMAN® (Life Technologies, Foster City, Calif.), is a method of detecting and quantifying the presence of a DNA sequence. Briefly, a FRET oligonucleotide probe is designed with one oligo within the transgene and one in the flanking genomic sequence for event-specific detection. The FRET probe and PCR primers (one primer in the insert DNA sequence and one in the flanking genomic sequence) are cycled in the presence of a thermostable polymerase and dNTPs. Hybridization of the FRET probe results in cleavage and release of the fluorescent moiety away from the quenching moiety on the FRET probe. A fluorescent signal indicates the presence of the flanking/transgene insert sequence due to successful amplification and hybridization. Such a hydrolysis probe assay for detection of as an amplification reaction is an embodiment of the subject disclosure. KASPar® assays are a method of detecting and quantifying the presence of a DNA sequence. Briefly, the genomic DNA sample comprising the integrated gene expression cassette polynucleotide is screened using a polymerase chain reaction (PCR) based assay known as a KASPar® assay system. The KASPar® assay used in the practice of the subject disclosure can utilize a KASPar® PCR assay mixture which contains multiple primers. The primers used in the PCR assay mixture can comprise at least one forward primers and at least one reverse primer. The forward primer contains a sequence corresponding to a specific region of the DNA polynucleotide, and the reverse primer contains a sequence corresponding to a specific region of the genomic sequence. In addition, the primers used in the PCR assay mixture can comprise at least one forward primers and at least one reverse primer. For example, the KASPar® PCR assay mixture can use two forward primers corresponding to two different alleles and one reverse primer. One of the forward primers contains a sequence corresponding to specific region of the endogenous genomic sequence. The second forward primer contains a sequence corresponding to a specific region of the DNA polynucleotide. The reverse primer contains a sequence corresponding to a specific region of the genomic sequence. Such a KASPar® assay for detection of an amplification reaction is an embodiment of the subject disclosure. In some embodiments the fluorescent signal or fluorescent dye is selected from the group consisting of a HEX fluorescent dye, a FAM fluorescent dye, a JOE fluorescent dye, a TET fluorescent dye, a Cy 3 fluorescent dye, a Cy 3.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 5.5 fluorescent dye, a Cy 7 fluorescent dye, and a ROX fluorescent dye. In other embodiments the amplification reaction is run using suitable second fluorescent DNA dyes that are capable of staining cellular DNA at a concentration range detectable by flow cytometry, and have a fluorescent emission spectrum which is detectable by a real time thermocycler. It should be appreciated by those of ordinary skill in the art that other nucleic acid dyes are known and are continually being identified. Any suitable nucleic acid dye with appropriate excitation and emission spectra can be employed, such as YO-PRO-1®, SYTOX Green®, SYBR Green I®, SYTO11®, SYTO12®, SYTO13®, BOBO®, YOYO®, and TOTO®. In further embodiments, Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) can be used for detection. As described by Brautigma et al., 2010, DNA sequence analysis can be used to determine the nucleotide sequence of the isolated and amplified fragment. The amplified fragments can be isolated and sub-cloned into a vector and sequenced using chain-terminator method (also referred to as Sanger sequencing) or Dye-terminator sequencing. In addition, the amplicon can be sequenced with Next Generation Sequencing. NGS technologies do not require the sub-cloning step, and multiple sequencing reads can be completed in a single reaction. Three NGS platforms are commercially available, the Genome Sequencer FLX™ from 454 Life Sciences/Roche, the Illumina Genome Analyser™ from Solexa and Applied Biosystems' SOLiD™ (acronym for: ‘Sequencing by Oligo Ligation and Detection’). In addition, there are two single molecule sequencing methods that are currently being developed. These include the true Single Molecule Sequencing (tSMS) from Helicos Bioscience™ and the Single Molecule Real Time™ sequencing (SMRT) from Pacific Biosciences. The Genome Sequencher FLX™ which is marketed by 454 Life Sciences/Roche is a long read NGS, which uses emulsion PCR and pyrosequencing to generate sequencing reads. DNA fragments of 300-800 bp or libraries containing fragments of 3-20 kb can be used. The reactions can produce over a million reads of about 250 to 400 bases per run for a total yield of 250 to 400 megabases. This technology produces the longest reads but the total sequence output per run is low compared to other NGS technologies. The Illumina Genome Analyser™ which is marketed by Solexa™ is a short read NGS which uses sequencing by synthesis approach with fluorescent dye-labeled reversible terminator nucleotides and is based on solid-phase bridge PCR. Construction of paired end sequencing libraries containing DNA fragments of up to 10 kb can be used. The reactions produce over 100 million short reads that are 35-76 bases in length. This data can produce from 3-6 gigabases per run. The Sequencing by Oligo Ligation and Detection (SOLiD) system marketed by Applied Biosystems™ is a short read technology. This NGS technology uses fragmented double stranded DNA that are up to 10 kb in length. The system uses sequencing by ligation of dye-labelled oligonucleotide primers and emulsion PCR to generate one billion short reads that result in a total sequence output of up to 30 gigabases per run. The tSMS of Helicos Bioscience™ and SMRT of Pacific Biosciences™ apply a different approach which uses single DNA molecules for the sequence reactions. The tSMS Helicos™ system produces up to 800 million short reads that result in 21 gigabases per run. These reactions are completed using fluorescent dye-labelled virtual terminator nucleotides that is described as a ‘sequencing by synthesis’ approach. The SMRT Next Generation Sequencing system marketed by Pacific Biosciences™ uses a real time sequencing by synthesis. This technology can produce reads of up to 1,000 bp in length as a result of not being limited by reversible terminators. Raw read throughput that is equivalent to one-fold coverage of a diploid human genome can be produced per day using this technology. Plant Compositions and Breeding In other embodiments, the subject disclosure provides a cell, tissue, or plant comprising the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in  B. napus B. napus  B. napus B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  In a further embodiment, the subject disclosure provides a seed comprising the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation. In subsequent embodiments a seed from  B. napus  B. napus  The subject disclosure also relates to one or more  B. napus  B. napus  In subsequent embodiments, the subject disclosure relates to a  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  An embodiment of the subject disclosure provides a method for producing a  B. napus  In additional embodiments, the subject disclosure relates to female and male parent plants that are  B. napus  In yet another aspect of the subject disclosure, processes are provided for producing progeny plants, which processes generally comprise crossing a first parent plant with a second parent plant wherein at least one of the first parent plant or the second parent plant comprises the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation. These processes may be further exemplified as processes for producing progeny seed or plants, wherein a first plant is crossed with a second plant. Any time the male plant is crossed with another, different inbred plant, a progeny or first generation (F 1 1  1  In embodiments of the present disclosure, the step of “crossing” the  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  In an embodiment, the  B. napus  A further step comprises harvesting the seeds, near or at maturity, from the plant that received the pollen. In a particular embodiment, seed is harvested from the female parent plant, and when desired, the harvested seed can be grown to produce a progeny or first generation (F 1 Yet another step comprises drying and conditioning the seeds, including the treating, sizing (or grading) of seeds, and packaging for sale to growers for the production of oil and grain. As with inbred seed, it may be desirable to treat hybrid seeds with compositions that render the seeds and seedlings grown therefrom more hardy when exposed to adverse conditions. Mention should be made that resulting progeny or hybrid seed may be sold to growers for the production of oil and grain and not for breeding or seed production. Still further, the subject disclosure provides a progeny plant produced by growing the harvested seeds produced on the  B. napus  In an additional embodiment, the subject disclosure relates to a method for producing a progeny plant, the method further comprising the steps of: e) crossing the progeny plant, with another plant comprising a desired trait to produce F1 progeny plants; f) selecting F1 progeny plants that have the desired trait to produce selected F1 progeny plants; g) crossing the selected F1 progeny plants with the progeny  B. napus  Various breeding schemes may be used to produce progeny plants. In one method, generally referred to as the pedigree method, the parent may be crossed with another different plant such as a second inbred parent plant, which either itself exhibits one or more selected desirable characteristic(s) or imparts selected desirable characteristic(s) to a hybrid combination. If the two original parent plants do not provide all the desired characteristics, then other sources can be included in the breeding population. Progeny plants, that is, pure breeding, homozygous inbred lines, can also be used as starting materials for breeding or source populations from which to develop progeny plants. Thereafter, resulting seed is harvested and resulting superior progeny plants are selected and selfed or sib-mated in succeeding generations, such as for about five to about seven or more generations, until a generation is produced that no longer segregates for substantially all factors for which the inbred parents differ, thereby providing a large number of distinct, pure-breeding inbred lines. In another embodiment for generating progeny plants, generally referred to as backcrossing, one or more desired traits may be introduced into the parent by crossing the parent plants with another plant (referred to as the donor or non-recurrent parent) which carries the gene(s) encoding the particular trait(s) of interest to produce F 1  1  This method results in the generation of progeny inbred plants with substantially all of the desired morphological and physiological characteristics of the recurrent parent and the particular transferred trait(s) of interest. Because such progeny inbred plants are heterozygous for loci controlling the transferred trait(s) of interest, the last backcross generation would subsequently be selfed to provide pure breeding progeny for the transferred trait(s). In other embodiments for generating progeny plants the subject disclosure relates to the production of doubled haploid plants produced from  B. napus  B. napus B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  In further embodiments the subject disclosure relates to the determination of recombinant genetic frequencies in  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  B. napus  In a subsequent embodiment, the disclosure related to introducing a desired trait into  B. napus  The Introgression of a desirable trait in plants may be facilitated by repeated backcrossing. Described herein are methods for producing a  B. napus  1  B. napus B. napus  1  2  1  2  1  In some embodiments, progeny plants are subjected to a genotype and/or zygosity determination, as outlined in the disclosure. Once progeny plants have been genotyped, and/or their zygosity determined, the skilled artisan may select those progeny plants that have a desired genetic composition. Such selected progeny plants may be used in further crosses, selfing, or cultivation. Methods of introgression of a trait that are directed according to methods of the disclosure reduce or eliminate the cultivation and/or reproduction of plants that do not have a desired genetic composition, and thereby provide desirable reliability and predictability (through expected Mendelian patterns of inheritance). Backcrossing may be accelerated by the use of the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation assays of the pending application to identify plants with the greatest genetic complement from the recurrent parent. Direct selection may be applied where a single locus acts as a dominant trait, such as the herbicide resistance trait. For this selection process, the progeny of the initial cross are sprayed with the herbicide before the backcrossing. The spraying eliminates any plants which do not have the desired herbicide resistance characteristic, and only those plants which have the herbicide resistance gene are used in the subsequent backcross. In the instance where the characteristic being transferred is a recessive allele, it may be necessary to introduce a test of the progeny to determine if the desired characteristic has been successfully transferred. The process of selection, whether direct or indirect, is then repeated for all additional backcross generations. It should be appreciated by those having ordinary skill in the art that backcrossing can be combined with pedigree breeding as where the parent is crossed with another plant, the resultant progeny are crossed back to the parent or restored fertile parent and thereafter, the resulting progeny of this single backcross are subsequently inbred to develop new inbred lines. This combination of backcrossing and pedigree breeding is useful as when recovery of fewer than all of the parent characteristics than would be obtained by a conventional backcross are desired. All references, including publications, patents, and patent applications, cited herein are hereby incorporated by reference to the extent they are not inconsistent with the explicit details of this disclosure, and are so incorporated to the same extent as if each reference were individually and specifically indicated to be incorporated by reference and were set forth in its entirety herein. The references discussed herein are provided solely for their disclosure prior to the filing date of the present application. Nothing herein is to be construed as an admission that the inventors are not entitled to antedate such disclosure by virtue of prior invention. Embodiments of the subject disclosure are further exemplified in the following Examples. It should be understood that these Examples are given by way of illustration only. From the above embodiments and the following Examples, one skilled in the art can ascertain the essential characteristics of this disclosure, and without departing from the spirit and scope thereof, can make various changes and modifications of the embodiments of the disclosure to adapt it to various usages and conditions. Thus, various modifications of the embodiments of the disclosure, in addition to those shown and described herein, will be apparent to those skilled in the art from the foregoing description. Such modifications are also intended to fall within the scope of the appended claims. The following is provided by way of illustration and not intended to limit the scope of the invention. EXAMPLES Example 1: Discovery and Validation of Chromosomal N7/N16 Reciprocal Translocation Break Points in  B. napus  To discover the location of the N7/N16 chromosomal break point in  B. napus B. napus  B. napus  Next, the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation was assessed and characterized in elite germplasm lines from North America (NA), Australia (AU), and Europe (EU). From this analysis, it was determined that the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation is fixed in NA germplasm lines, nearly absent in EU germplasm lines, and segregates in AU germplasm lines (Table 2). 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 1 
 
 
 Physical co-ordinates of the N7/N16 homoeologous 
 chromosomal reciprocal translocation break-points 
 
 
 Break point position Break point position 
 Genome Chromosome left in bp right in bp 
 
 
 
 DH12075 v1.1 N7 17580519 17580520 
 DH12075 v1.1 N16 13653938 13653939 
 NS1822BC N7 20108868 20108869 
 NS1822BC N16 8092482 8092483 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 2 
 
 
 Germplasm characterization 
 
 
 Total Lines with Lines without 
 Breeding Geography lines Translocation Translocation 
 
 
 
 Australian Spring type 145 47 98 
 European Winter type 255 4 251 
 North American Spring 434 400 34 
 type 
 Total 834 451 383 
 Example 2: Detection of N7/N16 Homologous Chromosomal Reciprocal Translocation Using Agarose-Based PCR Assays The genome sequence of the public DH12075 line that does not contain the N7/N16 translocation was used to develop two “wild type PCR assays” to detect the absence of the reciprocal chromosomal exchanges at both the N7 and N16 chromosomal sites respectively. The assays were designed using primers (Primer3 software: available on the world wide web at bioprod.phibred.com/primer3/cgi-bin/primer3_www.cgi) that flank the site of break-point sequences (Table 3, and Table 4). PCR amplification products from these assays when run on an (1%) agarose gel produced a band of 2,366 bp for N7 and 1,963 bp for N16, diagnostic for the wild type configuration or absence of the N7/N16 translocation. The genome sequence of the proprietary NS1822BC line that does contain the N7/N16 translocation was used to develop two PCR assays each on N7 and N16 that detect the reciprocal translocation. These assays were developed using primers that flank the chromosome exchange points on N7 and N16 chromosome sequences (Table 3, and Table 4). When run on the agarose gels these assays produce products of 1,828 bp for N7 and 1,893 bp for N16 that will detect the presence of N7 and N16 reciprocal recombination. 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 3 
 
 
 Sequence IDs and physical positions used in the Detection of N7/N16 homoeologous 
 chromosomal reciprocal translocation using agarose-based PCR assays 
 
 
 SEQ ID Sequence Physical Physical 
 NO: description Genome Chromosome location (start) location (end) 
 
 
 
 SEQ ID N7 HRT DH12075 N7 17578019 17583020 
 NO: 1 Seq 1 v1.1 
 SEQ ID N7 HRT NS1822BC N7 20106368 20111369 
 NO: 2 Seq 2 
 SEQ ID N16 HRT DH12075 N16 13651438 13656439 
 NO: 3 Seq 1 v1.1 
 SEQ ID N16 HRT NS1822BC N16 8089982 8094983 
 NO: 4 Seq 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 4 
 
 
 Primer IDs, physical positions, and sequences used in the Detection of N7/N16 
 homoeologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation using agarose-based PCR assays 
 
 
 Reference 
 SEQ ID physical Sequence ID 
 NO: Primer ID position physical position Sequence 
 
 SEQ ID DH N7 F DH12075 N7 HRT Seq 1: TTTAACAAAGTAAGGT 
 NO: 5 N7:17580813 2501 GTTTCTTGTG 
   
 SEQ ID DH N7 R DH12075 N7 HRT Seq 1: TTAAGCCAACATGTGC 
 NO: 6 N7:17578511 174 AGGA 
   
 SEQ ID DH N16 F DH12075 N16 HRT Seq 1: AGCGACTTTTCACAAA 
 NO: 7 N16:13653931 2132 GTAGGG 
   
 SEQ ID DH N16 R DH12075 N16 HRT Seq 1: TGATGGTTAAAACCCA 
 NO: 8 N16:13655875 4094 CTGC 
   
 SEQ ID NS N7 F NS1822BC N7 HRT Seq 2: CAACGACTTTTCACAA 
 NO: 9 N7:20108854 2509 AGTAGGG 
   
 SEQ ID NS N7 R NS1822BC N7 HRT Seq 2: GCCTCAGTTATTATGT 
 NO: 10 N7:20107032 665 TTGTGATGG 
   
 SEQ ID NS N16 F NS1822BC N16 HRT Seq 2: GTGATGGTTAAAACCC 
 NO: 11 N16:8094055 4074 ACTGC 
   
 SEQ ID NS N16 R NS1822BC N16 HRT Seq 2: TTTAACAAAGTAAGGT 
 NO: 12 N16:8092164 2183 GTTTCTTGTG 
 The lines NS1882BC (confirmed to have the translocation) and DH12075 (confirmed to not contain the translocation) were used as positive and negative controls when testing the effectiveness of the PCR assay to detect the presence or absence of translocation. PCR reactions were set up in 20 ul volume containing 2 ul of DNA (˜8 ng), 4 ul of 100 mM primers (2 ul forward 2 ul reverse), 10 ul Phusion GC Master Mix™ (Fisher scientific) and 4 ul of water. PCR conditions were as follows: 98° C. for 30 secs, followed by 35 cycles of 98° C. for 10 secs, 61° C. for 30 secs, and 72° C. for 120 secs, with a final extension of 72° C. for 7 mins and a final infinite hold at 4° C. PCR products were separated on a 1% agarose gel (SeaKem GTG Agarose™ Lonza) containing Sybr Safe (Sybr Safe DNA gel Stain™, Unity) in 1×TAE buffer (Omnipur TAE buffer, Thermo Fisher Scientific) for 1 h and visualized and photographed using an Alpha Imager utilizing a bottom illumination plate set to emit light at ˜530 nm. Gel images were scored with a score of one (1) representing presence and a score of zero (0) representing absence of the reciprocal translocation. Example 3: Detection of N7/N16 Homologous Chromosomal Reciprocal Translocation Using High-Throughput Competitive Allele-Specific PCR Genotyping (KASPR™) Assays High-throughput markers greatly facilitate the large-scale germplasm screening and breeding. Co-dominant assays that allow detection of translocated lines from non-translocated for N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation were designed using the breakpoint sites at both N7 and N16 sequences. The KASPAR′ genotyping system is comprised of two components (1) the SNP-specific assay (a combination of three unlabelled primers), and (2) the universal Reaction Mix, which contains all other required components including the universal fluorescent reporting system and a specially-developed Taq polymerase. The four primers, allele-specific 1 (A1), allele-specific 2 (A2), and two common (C1 and C2), or reverse, (Table 5) were designed using the assay design algorithm of the workflow manager, Kraken™ (LGC Genomics, Hoddesdon, Hertfordshire, UK). 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 5 
 
 
 Primer identification and physical positions, used in the detection of N7/N16 
 homoeologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation using KASP ™ assays: 
 
 
 Reference 
 SEQ ID physical Sequence ID 
 NO: Primer Primer ID position physical position Sequence 
 
 SEQ ID N7 A1 N7_S3 F1 DH12075 N7 HRT GTCCGTTTGCTTTAAT 
 NO:1 3 N7:17580752 Seq 1: AAGCCCAA 
 2415 
   
 SEQ ID N7 A2 N7_S3 F2 NS1822BC N7 HRT TCCCGTGTGCTTTAAT 
 NO: 14 N7:20108782 Seq 2: AAGCCCAG 
 2416 
   
 SEQ ID N7 C1 Cr5 DH DH12075 N7 HRT AGATCAGCGACTTTTC 
 NO: 15 N7:17580893 Seq 1: ACAAA 
 2875 
   
 SEQ ID N7 C2 Cr5 NS NS1822BC N7 HRT CCAGTTTTCAGAGGG 
 NO: 16 N7:20108860 Seq 2: AGTTTT 
 2556 
   
 SEQ ID N16 A1 DH16_PA F DH12075 N16 HRT ACCTCAACCTCAACCC 
 NO: 17 N16:13654237 Seq 1: CAATC 
 2437 
   
 SEQ ID N16 A2 N16_NS_F2 NS1822BC N16 HRT GGAGGAGGAGGAGGA 
 NO: 18 N16:8092483 Seq 2: GTCGTT 
 2501 
   
 SEQ ID N16 C1 DH16_PA_ DH12075 N16 HRT GGGATTGGATTACGG 
 NO: 19 Cr2 N16:13654263 Seq 1: TTTTCGGGTT 
 2487 
   
 SEQ ID N16 C2 NS16_PA_CR1 NS1822BC N16 HRT ATTTTCCACATGGGTG 
 NO: 20 N16:8092428 Seq 2: AACCACAA 
 2470 
 Primers were designed using the LGC Genomics assay design software. As such, 1.5 ul of ˜4 ng/ul of DNA was used in the assay mix (˜6 ng), and 12 ul of 100 mM of each forward primer and 30 ul of 100 mM of each of the common reverse primers and 16 ul of water was combined to make each assay. Next, 13.6 ul of the assay was combined with 1000 ul of KASP Master Mix™ (LGC Genomics, Hoddesdon, Hertfordshire, UK). A Meridian™ (LGC Genomics, Hoddesdon, Hertfordshire, UK) liquid handler dispensed 1.3 ul of the mix onto a 1536 plate containing ˜6 ng of dried DNA. The plate was sealed with a Phusion™ laser sealer (LGC Genomics, Hoddesdon, Hertfordshire, UK) and thermocycled using a LGC Genomics™ Hoddesdon, Hertfordshire, UK hydrocycler with the following conditions: 95° C. for 15 min, 10 cycles of 95° C. for 20 sec, 61° C. stepped down to 55° C. for 1 min, 29 cycles of 95° C. for 20 sec, and 55° C. for 1 min. The excitation at wavelengths 485 (FAM) and 520 (VIC) was measured with a Pherastar™ plate reader (BMG Labtech, Offenburg, Germany). The values were normalized against ROX and plotted and scored on scatterplots utilizing the KRAKEN software (LGC Genomics, Hoddesdon, Hertfordshire, UK). Example 4: Detection of N7/N16 Homologous Chromosomal Reciprocal Translocation Using an Endpoint Assay Development Generally, the endpoint genotyping system is comprised of a forward and reverse primer and two fluoresce labeled probes. The oligonucleotide primers amplify a specific region of the wildtype N7 or N16 chromosome, and the translocated N7 or N16 chromosome. The oligonucleotide probe binds to the amplicon between the two primers and are labeled with the VIC or FAM fluorescent reporter dye, at the 5′ end and MGBNFQ (minor grove binding non-fluorescent quencher) as a quencher at the 3′ end. An exhaustive listing of endpoint genotyping systems (e.g., TAQMAN™, KASPAR™ or other known assays) that rely on amplifiable primers (SEQ ID NO:489-10560) and probes (SEQ ID NO:21-488) that spanned the N7/N16 translocation break-point site were designed. As provided herein the wildtype chromosome 7 can be assayed with SEQ ID NO:489-2990 and probed with SEQ ID NO:138-254. The assay for wildtype chromosome 7 utilizes any of SEQ ID NO:489-1739 as a forward or 5′ primer, in combination with any of SEQ ID NO:1740-2990 as a reverse or 3′ primer, and in combination any of SEQ ID NO:138-254 as a probe. As provided herein the wildtype chromosome 16 can be assayed with SEQ ID NO:2991-5492 and probed with SEQ ID NO:21-137. The assay for wildtype chromosome 16 utilizes any of SEQ ID NO:2991-4241 as a forward or 5′ primer, in combination with any of SEQ ID NO:4242-5492 as a reverse or 3′ primer, and in combination any of SEQ ID NO: 21-137 as a probe. As provided herein the homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation of chromosome 7 can be assayed with SEQ ID NO:5493-8026 and probed with SEQ ID NO:372-488. The assay for the homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation of chromosome 7 utilizes any of SEQ ID NO:5493-6759 as a forward or 5′ primer, in combination with any of SEQ ID NO:6760-8026 as a reverse or 3′ primer, and in combination any of SEQ ID NO:372-488 as a probe. As provided herein the homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation of chromosome 16 can be assayed with SEQ ID NO:8027-10560 and probed with SEQ ID NO:255-371. The assay for the homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation of chromosome 16 utilizes any of SEQ ID NO:8027-9294 as a forward or 5′ primer, in combination with any of SEQ ID NO:9295-10560 as a reverse or 3′ primer, and in combination any of SEQ ID NO:255-371 as a probe. Those with skill in the art can utilize such compositions to devise an assay for the detection of N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation in  B. napus.  These primer and probe sequences as disclosed herein can be used as diagnostic assays for the detection of N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation. As such, 1.5 ul of the ˜6 ng/ul DNA is used in the assay mix, and 18 uM of each probe, and 4 uM of each primer is combined to make each assay. Next, 13.6 ul of the assay is combined with 1000 ul of ToughMix PCR Master Mix™ (Quanta Beverly, Mass., USA). A Meridian (LGC Genomics, Hoddesdon, Hertfordshire, UK) liquid handler dispenses 1.3 ul of the mix onto a 1536 plate containing ˜6 ng of dried DNA. The plate is sealed with a Phusion™ laser sealer (LGC Genomics, Hoddesdon, Hertfordshire, UK) and thermocycled using a LGC Genomics™ Hoddesdon, Hertfordshire, UK hydrocycler with the following conditions: 94° C. for 15 min, 40 cycles of 94° C. for 30 secs, 60° C. for 1 min. PCR products are measured using at wavelengths 485 (FAM) and 520 (VIC) by a Pherastar plate reader (BMG Labtech, Offenburg, Germany). The values are normalized against ROX and plotted and scored on scatterplots utilizing the KRAKEN software (LGC Genomics, Hoddesdon, Hertfordshire, UK). Genotype is determined by the presence or absence of fluorescence specific to the translocation. While the present disclosure may be susceptible to various modifications and alternative forms, specific embodiments have been described by way of example in detail herein. However, it should be understood that the present disclosure is not intended to be limited to the particular forms disclosed. Rather, the present disclosure is to cover all modifications, equivalents, and alternatives falling within the scope of the present disclosure as defined by the following appended claims and their legal equivalents. 
 
 1 (a) detecting in the canola plant, tissue, or cell at least one PCR amplicon associated with the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation, wherein the one or more PCR amplicons localize within either SEQ ID NO:2 or SEQ ID NO:4; (b) screening the first canola plant, tissue, or cell for the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation; and (c) selecting the first canola plant, tissue, or cell or selecting a progeny of the first canola plant, tissue, or cell whereby the resulting plant, tissue, or cell displays the N7/N16 homologous chromosomal reciprocal translocation. 
 2 claim 1 
 3 claim 2 
 4 claim 2 
 5 claim 1 
 6 claim 1 
 7 claim 6 
 8 claim 6 
 9 claim 1 
 10 claim 1 
 11 claim 1 
 12 claim 1 
 13 claim 1 
 14 claim 1 
 15 claim 1 (a) quantitating the amplicon produced by an amplification reaction. 
 16 claim 15 
 17 claim 16 
 18 claim 17 
 19 claim 18 
 20 claim 1 
 21 claim 1 
 22 claim 21 
 Provided are compositions and methods for the detection of a chromosomal location in  Brassica napus Brassica napus


 TECHNICAL FIELD The present invention relates to a screening method for materials suppressing one or more offensive odors selected from the group consisting of a 1-octen-3-one odor, a 1,5-octadien-3-one odor, a 1-octen-3-ol odor and a 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor, an offensive odor-suppressing composition for reducing the offensiveness of age-related body odors and/or underarm odors, as well as a flavor composition for reducing off-flavors derived from food and beverage products. BACKGROUND ART Ambient odors and offensive odors perceived as unpleasant in daily life are strongly desired to be eliminated more effectively for improved living environments. In recent years, there has been growing awareness of body odors, among others. Further, food and beverage products are known to produce off-odors (off-flavors) over time, which in turn reduce the quality of the food and beverage products. Body odors are broadly divided into two categories, i.e., the “smell of each body part” (e.g., mouth odor, foot odor, underarm odor, scalp odor) and the “combined smell arising from the body trunk.” The “combined smell arising from the body trunk” is known to change with age, and age-related body odors, which are observed at middle age or later, very strongly tend to be disfavored. As to substances responsible for causing such age-related body odors, unsaturated aldehydes such as trans-2-nonenal and trans-2-octenal have been reported to cause age-related body odors (Patent Literature 1). Moreover, vinyl ketones such as 1-octen-3-one and 1,5-octadien-3-one have a very low odor threshold and a strong metallic odor, and are reported to be greatly involved in underarm odors (Non-patent Literature 1). Moreover, nonenal, 1-octen-3-one, 1,5-octadien-3-one and so on are also known as off-flavors (Patent Literatures 2 and 3, Non-patent Literature 2). Selective odor elimination techniques based on antagonistic mechanism are designed to search for olfactory receptors responding to particular odorous substances and to suppress their activation with particular substances, and the potential of these techniques is becoming clear. For example, olfactory receptor OR2W1 responds to hexanoic acid, which is among offensive odors. Substances inhibiting the activity of this OR2W1 are exemplified by florhydral, and florhydral has been reported to suppress an offensive odor induced by hexanoic acid in sensory testing (Patent Literature 4). CITATION LIST Patent Literature 
 
     Patent Literature 1: JP H11-286423 A Patent Literature 2: JP 2017-153371 A Patent Literature 3: Japanese Patent No. 6168999 Patent Literature 4: JP 2012-50411 A Non-Patent Literature 
 
     Non-patent Literature 1: “Mechanism and Regulation of Body Malodor Generation (1)” Satoru Iida et al., J. Soc. Cosmet. Chem. Jpn. Vol. 37, No. 3 (2003) Non-patent Literature 2: “Flavor Components in Edible Fats and Oils” Yasushi Endo, Journal of Japan Oil Chemists' Society, Vol. 48, No. 10 (1999) SUMMARY OF INVENTION Technical Problem Screening may be possible for candidate substances for offensive odor-suppressing materials when olfactory receptors responding to known offensive odor-causing substances are searched and used for this purpose. However, such olfactory receptors responding to one or more offensive odor-causing substances selected from the group consisting of 1-octen-3-one, 1,5-octadien-3-one, 1-octen-3-ol and 1,5-octadien-3-ol have not been widely known so far. Under these circumstances, there has been a desire to search for olfactory receptors responding to one or more offensive odor-causing substances selected from the group consisting of 1-octen-3-one, 1,5-octadien-3-one, 1-octen-3-ol and 1,5-octadien-3-ol, and thereby provide a screening method for materials suppressing one or more offensive odors selected from the group consisting of a 1-octen-3-one odor, a 1,5-octadien-3-one odor, a 1-octen-3-ol odor and a 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor, and also provide an offensive odor-suppressing composition for reducing the offensiveness of age-related body odors and/or underarm odors, as well as a flavor composition for reducing off-flavors derived from food and beverage products. Solution to Problem As a result of extensive and intensive efforts made to solve the problems stated above, the inventors of the present invention have succeeded in newly identifying olfactory receptors responding respectively to one or more offensive odor-causing substances selected from the group consisting of 1-octen-3-one, 1,5-octadien-3-one, 1-octen-3-ol and 1,5-octadien-3-ol. The inventors of the present invention have made further studies and have found that the use of these olfactory receptors enables the evaluation and selection of materials suppressing age-related body odors and/or underarm odors, and materials reducing off-flavors, as well as materials suppressing one or more offensive odors selected from the group consisting of a 1-octen-3-one odor, a 1,5-octadien-3-one odor, a 1-octen-3-ol odor and a 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor, by means of the masking effect of olfactory receptor antagonists. As a result, the inventors of the present invention have found that antagonist candidate compounds suppressing the response of these olfactory receptors including OR2C1 and OR4Q3 are excellent not only in the effect of suppressing age-related body odors and/or underarm odors, but also in the effect of reducing off-flavors derived from food and beverage products. Namely, the present invention provides a screening method for materials suppressing one or more offensive odors selected from the group consisting of a 1-octen-3-one odor, a 1,5-octadien-3-one odor, a 1-octen-3-ol odor and a 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor, an offensive odor-suppressing composition for reducing the offensiveness of age-related body odors and/or underarm odors, as well as a flavor composition for reducing off-flavors derived from food and beverage products, as shown below. [1] A screening method for materials suppressing one or more offensive odors selected from the group consisting of a 1-octen-3-one odor, a 1,5-octadien-3-one odor, a 1-octen-3-ol odor and a 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor, the method comprising the following steps:
 
     
     
         adding a test substance and one or more offensive odor-causing substances selected from the group consisting of 1-octen-3-one, 1,5-octadien-3-one, 1-octen-3-ol and 1,5-octadien-3-ol to at least one olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of (a) OR2C1 and OR4Q3, and (b) polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of at least 80% with the amino acid sequence of any of the polypeptides in (a) and which are responsive to one or more offensive odor-causing substances selected from the group consisting of 1-octen-3-one, 1,5-octadien-3-one, 1-octen-3-ol and 1,5-octadien-3-ol; measuring the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide to the one or more offensive odor-causing substances selected from the group consisting of 1-octen-3-one, 1,5-octadien-3-one, 1-octen-3-ol and 1,5-octadien-3-ol; and identifying a test substance that suppresses the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide on the basis of the measured response.
 Advantageous Effects of Invention The method of the present invention allows screening for candidate substances for materials suppressing one or more offensive odors selected from the group consisting of a 1-octen-3-one odor, a 1,5-octadien-3-one odor, a 1-octen-3-ol odor and a 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor. The screening method of the present invention can be expected to contribute to the development of materials suppressing one or more offensive odors selected from the group consisting of a 1-octen-3-one odor, a 1,5-octadien-3-one odor, a 1-octen-3-ol odor and a 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor. Moreover, when attempting to develop new fragrance or flavor materials, there are problems of olfactory fatigue and variations among individuals if many candidate substances are evaluated for their odor by the human olfactory sense alone; and hence the proper selection of candidate substances may involve difficulties. According to the method of the present invention, such problems can be overcome or reduced. Further, according to a preferred aspect of the present invention, when a group of antagonist candidate compounds suppressing the response of OR2C1 and/or OR4Q3 are used in combination with a group of particular compounds conventionally used as fragrances or flavorings, etc., a greater suppressive effect may be provided on offensive odors than when the group of antagonist candidate compounds are used alone. 
 BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF DRAWINGS FIG.  1 FIG.  2 FIG.  3 FIG.  4 FIG.  5 FIG.  6 FIG.  7 FIG.  8 FIG.  9 FIG.  10 DESCRIPTION OF EMBODIMENTS The screening method of the present invention, the offensive odor-suppressing composition of the present invention, as well as the flavor composition of the present invention will be described in more detail below. 1. Screening Method for 1-Octen-3-One Odor-Suppressing Materials The screening method for 1-octen-3-one odor-suppressing materials according to the present invention is designed such that test substances are screened with olfactory receptor polypeptides responsive to 1-octen-3-one to select candidate substances for 1-octen-3-one odor-suppressing materials. This method is characterized by comprising the following steps: adding a test substance and 1-octen-3-one to at least one olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of (a) OR2C1 and OR4Q3, and (b) polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of at least 80% with the amino acid sequence of any of the polypeptides in (a) and which are responsive to 1-octen-3-one; measuring the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide to 1-octen-3-one; and identifying a test substance that suppresses the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide on the basis of the measured response, i.e., identifying a test substance that suppresses the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide on the basis of the measured response as a candidate substance for 1-octen-3-one odor-suppressing materials. According to a preferred aspect of the present invention, the screening method for 1-octen-3-one odor-suppressing materials according to the present invention comprises the following steps: (i) bringing an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of (a) OR2C1 and OR4Q3, and (b) polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more with the amino acid sequence of any of the polypeptides in (a) and which are responsive to 1-octen-3-one into contact with 1-octen-3-one to measure the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide to 1-octen-3-one;
 The screening method for 1-octen-3-one odor-suppressing materials according to the present invention is configured such that candidate substances for 1-octen-3-one odor-suppressing materials are selected from among test substances on the basis of the responsiveness of each test substance to an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of OR2C1, OR4Q3, and polypeptides which comprise amino acid sequences sharing an identity of 80% or more with the amino acid sequences of these polypeptides and which are responsive to offensive odor-causing substances. In the screening method for 1-octen-3-one odor-suppressing materials according to the present invention, the term “test substance” is not limited in any way, but it refers to a subject to be tested for its suppressive effect on a 1-octen-3-one odor and is intended to mean a compound, a composition or a mixture. Likewise, the term “1-octen-3-one odor-suppressing material” is not limited in any way, but it is intended to mean a compound, a composition or a mixture, which is capable of suppressing a 1-octen-3-one odor. Moreover, the term “1-octen-3-one odor” is intended to mean an odor originating from 1-octen-3-one, as exemplified by a mushroom odor, an iron rust odor, an underarm odor, off-flavors, etc. An explanation will be given below of each step. <Step (i)> In step (i), an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of OR2C1, OR4Q3, and polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more with the amino acid sequence of any of these polypeptides and which are responsive to 1-octen-3-one is brought into contact with 1-octen-3-one to measure the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide to 1-octen-3-one. The olfactory receptor polypeptide to be used for this purpose is an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of OR2C1, OR4Q3, and polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more with the amino acid sequence of any of these polypeptides and which are responsive to 1-octen-3-one. OR2C1 has been registered in GenBank under NM_012368, and is a polypeptide consisting of an amino acid sequence (SEQ ID NO: 2) encoded by DNA at positions 53 to 991 of the nucleotide sequence shown in SEQ ID NO: 1. OR4Q3 has been registered in GenBank under NM_172194, and is a polypeptide consisting of an amino acid sequence (SEQ ID NO: 4) encoded by DNA having the nucleotide sequence shown in SEQ ID NO: 3. Since these polypeptides strongly and selectively respond to 1-octen-3-one, the screening method using OR2C1 and/or OR4Q3 can be expected to contribute to the development of 1-octen-3-one odor-suppressing materials. As an olfactory receptor, it is also possible to use an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more, preferably 85% or more, more preferably 90% or more, even more preferably 95% or more, and particularly preferably 98% or more with the amino acid sequence possessed by any of these polypeptides (i.e., SEQ ID NO: 2 or 4) and which are responsive to 1-octen-3-one. Such olfactory receptor polypeptides may be used alone, or two or more of them may be used in combination. In the present invention, there is no particular limitation on how to contact an olfactory receptor polypeptide with 1-octen-3-one to measure the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide to 1-octen-3-one. For example, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured by being contacted with 1-octen-3-one on cells isolated from a living body expressing the olfactory receptor polypeptide, or alternatively, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured by being contacted with 1-octen-3-one on cells genetically engineered to artificially express the olfactory receptor polypeptide. The time required to contact the olfactory receptor polypeptide with 1-octen-3-one is not determined exactly because it also depends on the concentration of 1-octen-3-one and the method used for measurement. However, the response may be measured immediately after their contact, and the time required for their contact is usually 0 to 4 hours, and preferably 2 to 4 hours. The same goes for when the olfactory receptor polypeptide is contacted with 1-octen-3-one in admixture with a test substance. Cells genetically engineered to artificially express the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be prepared when cells are transformed with a vector carrying a gene encoding the olfactory receptor polypeptide. In a preferred aspect of the present invention, the N-terminal 20 amino acid residues of bovine rhodopsin may be integrated together with the olfactory receptor polypeptide. Upon integration of the N-terminal 20 amino acid residues of bovine rhodopsin, cell membrane expression of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be facilitated. Bovine rhodopsin has been registered in GenBank under NM_001014890. Bovine rhodopsin is a polypeptide consisting of an amino acid sequence (SEQ ID NO: 6) encoded by DNA at positions 1 to 1047 of the nucleotide sequence shown in SEQ ID NO: 5. Moreover, instead of bovine rhodopsin, it is also possible to use a polypeptide which comprises an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more, preferably 85% or more, more preferably 90% or more, even more preferably 95% or more, and particularly preferably 98% or more with the amino acid sequence shown in SEQ ID NO: 6 and which is capable of facilitating cell membrane expression of the olfactory receptor polypeptide. It should be noted that amino acid residues of not only bovine rhodopsin but also any other polypeptides may be used as long as they can facilitate cell membrane expression of the olfactory receptor polypeptide. There is no particular limitation on how to measure the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide, and any technique used in the art may be used for this purpose. For example, it is known that once an odorous compound has bound to an olfactory receptor polypeptide, G protein in cells will be activated and this G protein will in turn activate adenylate cyclase to convert ATP into cyclic AMP (cAMP), thereby increasing the intracellular level of cAMP. Thus, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide can be measured when the level of cAMP is measured. The level of cAMP may be measured using ELISA techniques, reporter gene assay techniques, etc. Above all, it is preferred that the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide is measured by reporter gene assay techniques using a luminophore (e.g., luciferase). According to one embodiment of the present invention, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be evaluated on the basis of the fold increase value determined by dividing the results measured in the presence of 1-octen-3-one by the results measured in the absence of 1-octen-3-one. For example, when the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide is measured by reporter gene assay techniques using a luminophore (e.g., luciferase), evaluation can be made using 1-octen-3-one at a concentration which gives a fold increase value of preferably 2 or more, more preferably 4 or more, and even more preferably 10 or more. <Step (ii)> In step (ii), a test substance is mixed with 1-octen-3-one to measure the response of the olfactory receptor used in step (i). The response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured in the same manner as shown in step (i), except that 1-octen-3-one is mixed with the test substance and contacted with the olfactory receptor polypeptide. For example, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured on cells isolated from a living body expressing the olfactory receptor polypeptide, or alternatively, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured on cells genetically engineered to artificially express the olfactory receptor polypeptide. For proper comparison of the results measured in steps (i) and (ii), the measurement conditions in steps (i) and (ii) are preferably the same, except for the presence or absence of the test substance. <Step (iii)> In step (iii), the results measured in steps (i) and (ii) are compared with each other to select a test substance causing a reduction in the response as a candidate substance for 1-octen-3-one odor-suppressing materials. In the present invention, when a reduction in the response is observed as a result of comparing the results measured in steps (i) and (ii), the test substance used in step (ii) can be evaluated as a candidate substance for 1-octen-3-one odor-suppressing materials. In such a way as described above, test substances can be screened to select candidate substances for 1-octen-3-one odor-suppressing materials. According to the present invention, it is possible to select candidate substances for 1-octen-3-one odor-suppressing materials from among many test substances, without causing any problems such as olfactory fatigue and variations among individuals associated with sensory testing by means of the human olfactory sense. The selected substances can be used as candidate substances for 1-octen-3-one odor-suppressing materials. If necessary, the selected substances may be subjected to modifications or the like to thereby develop novel compounds having the most suitable scent. Further, the selected substances may be blended with other fragrance or flavor materials to thereby develop fragrance or flavor materials capable of suppressing the 1-octen-3-one odor and also having the most suitable scent. The screening method of the present invention can be used to contribute to the development of new fragrance or flavor materials serving as 1-octen-3-one odor-suppressing materials. 2. Screening Method for 1,5-Octadien-3-One Odor-Suppressing Materials The screening method for 1,5-octadien-3-one odor-suppressing materials according to the present invention is designed such that test substances are screened with olfactory receptor polypeptides responsive to 1,5-octadien-3-one to select candidate substances for 1,5-octadien-3-one odor-suppressing materials. This method is characterized by comprising the following steps: adding a test substance and 1,5-octadien-3-one to at least one olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of (a) OR2C1 and OR4Q3, and (b) polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of at least 80% with the amino acid sequence of any of the polypeptides in (a) and which are responsive to 1,5-octadien-3-one; measuring the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide to 1,5-octadien-3-one; and identifying a test substance that suppresses the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide on the basis of the measured response, i.e., identifying a test substance that suppresses the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide on the basis of the measured response as a candidate substance for 1,5-octadien-3-one odor-suppressing materials. According to a preferred aspect of the present invention, the screening method for 1,5-octadien-3-one odor-suppressing materials according to the present invention comprises the following steps: (i) bringing an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of (a) OR2C1 and OR4Q3, and (b) polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more with the amino acid sequence of any of the polypeptides in (a) and which are responsive to 1,5-octadien-3-one into contact with 1,5-octadien-3-one to measure the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide to 1,5-octadien-3-one;
 The screening method for 1,5-octadien-3-one odor-suppressing materials according to the present invention is configured such that candidate substances for 1,5-octadien-3-one odor-suppressing materials are selected from among test substances on the basis of the responsiveness of each test substance to an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of OR2C1, OR4Q3, and polypeptides which comprise amino acid sequences sharing an identity of 80% or more with the amino acid sequences of these polypeptides and which are responsive to offensive odor-causing substances. In the screening method for 1,5-octadien-3-one odor-suppressing materials according to the present invention, the term “test substance” is not limited in any way, but it refers to a subject to be tested for its suppressive effect on a 1,5-octadien-3-one odor and is intended to mean a compound, a composition or a mixture. Likewise, the term “1,5-octadien-3-one odor-suppressing material” is not limited in any way, but it is intended to mean a compound, a composition or a mixture, which is capable of suppressing a 1,5-octadien-3-one odor. Moreover, the term “1,5-octadien-3-one odor” is intended to mean an odor originating from 1,5-octadien-3-one, as exemplified by a mushroom odor, an iron rust odor, an underarm odor, off-flavors, etc. An explanation will be given below of each step. <Step (i)> In step (i), an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of OR2C1, OR4Q3, and polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more with the amino acid sequence of any of these polypeptides and which are responsive to 1,5-octadien-3-one is brought into contact with 1,5-octadien-3-one to measure the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide to 1,5-octadien-3-one. The olfactory receptor polypeptide to be used for this purpose is an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of OR2C1, OR4Q3, and polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more with the amino acid sequence of any of these polypeptides and which are responsive to 1,5-octadien-3-one. OR2C1 has been registered in GenBank under NM_012368, and is a polypeptide consisting of an amino acid sequence (SEQ ID NO: 2) encoded by DNA at positions 53 to 991 of the nucleotide sequence shown in SEQ ID NO: 1. OR4Q3 has been registered in GenBank under NM_172194, and is a polypeptide consisting of an amino acid sequence (SEQ ID NO: 4) encoded by DNA having the nucleotide sequence shown in SEQ ID NO: 3. Since these polypeptides strongly and selectively respond to 1,5-octadien-3-one, the screening method using OR2C1 and/or OR4Q3 can be expected to contribute to the development of 1,5-octadien-3-one odor-suppressing materials. As an olfactory receptor, it is also possible to use an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more, preferably 85% or more, more preferably 90% or more, even more preferably 95% or more, and particularly preferably 98% or more with the amino acid sequence possessed by any of these polypeptides (i.e., SEQ ID NO: 2 or 4) and which are responsive to 1,5-octadien-3-one. Such olfactory receptor polypeptides may be used alone, or two or more of them may be used in combination. In the present invention, there is no particular limitation on how to contact an olfactory receptor polypeptide with 1,5-octadien-3-one to measure the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide to 1,5-octadien-3-one. For example, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured by being contacted with 1,5-octadien-3-one on cells isolated from a living body expressing the olfactory receptor polypeptide, or alternatively, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured by being contacted with 1,5-octadien-3-one on cells genetically engineered to artificially express the olfactory receptor polypeptide. The time required to contact the olfactory receptor polypeptide with 1,5-octadien-3-one is not determined exactly because it also depends on the concentration of 1,5-octadien-3-one and the method used for measurement. However, the response may be measured immediately after their contact, and the time required for their contact is usually 0 to 4 hours, and preferably 2 to 4 hours. The same goes for when the olfactory receptor polypeptide is contacted with 1,5-octadien-3-one in admixture with a test substance. Cells genetically engineered to artificially express the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be prepared when cells are transformed with a vector carrying a gene encoding the olfactory receptor polypeptide. In a preferred aspect of the present invention, the N-terminal 20 amino acid residues of bovine rhodopsin may be integrated together with the olfactory receptor polypeptide. Upon integration of the N-terminal 20 amino acid residues of bovine rhodopsin, cell membrane expression of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be facilitated. Bovine rhodopsin has been registered in GenBank under NM_001014890. Bovine rhodopsin is a polypeptide consisting of an amino acid sequence (SEQ ID NO: 6) encoded by DNA at positions 1 to 1047 of the nucleotide sequence shown in SEQ ID NO: 5. Moreover, instead of bovine rhodopsin, it is also possible to use a polypeptide which comprises an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more, preferably 85% or more, more preferably 90% or more, even more preferably 95% or more, and particularly preferably 98% or more with the amino acid sequence shown in SEQ ID NO: 6 and which is capable of facilitating cell membrane expression of the olfactory receptor polypeptide. It should be noted that amino acid residues of not only bovine rhodopsin but also any other polypeptides may be used as long as they can facilitate cell membrane expression of the olfactory receptor polypeptide. There is no particular limitation on how to measure the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide, and any technique used in the art may be used for this purpose. For example, it is known that once an odorous compound has bound to an olfactory receptor polypeptide, G protein in cells will be activated and this G protein will in turn activate adenylate cyclase to convert ATP into cyclic AMP (cAMP), thereby increasing the intracellular level of cAMP. Thus, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide can be measured when the level of cAMP is measured. The level of cAMP may be measured using ELISA techniques, reporter gene assay techniques, etc. Above all, it is preferred that the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide is measured by reporter gene assay techniques using a luminophore (e.g., luciferase). According to one embodiment of the present invention, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be evaluated on the basis of the fold increase value determined by dividing the results measured in the presence of 1,5-octadien-3-one by the results measured in the absence of 1,5-octadien-3-one. For example, when the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide is measured by reporter gene assay techniques using a luminophore (e.g., luciferase), evaluation can be made using 1,5-octadien-3-one at a concentration which gives a fold increase value of preferably 2 or more, more preferably 4 or more, and even more preferably 10 or more. <Step (ii)> In step (ii), a test substance is mixed with 1,5-octadien-3-one to measure the response of the olfactory receptor used in step (i). The response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured in the same manner as shown in step (i), except that 1,5-octadien-3-one is mixed with the test substance and contacted with the olfactory receptor polypeptide. For example, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured on cells isolated from a living body expressing the olfactory receptor polypeptide, or alternatively, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured on cells genetically engineered to artificially express the olfactory receptor polypeptide. For proper comparison of the results measured in steps (i) and (ii), the measurement conditions in steps (i) and (ii) are preferably the same, except for the presence or absence of the test substance. <Step (iii)> In step (iii), the results measured in steps (i) and (ii) are compared with each other to select a test substance causing a reduction in the response as a candidate substance for 1,5-octadien-3-one odor-suppressing materials. In the present invention, when a reduction in the response is observed as a result of comparing the results measured in steps (i) and (ii), the test substance used in step (ii) can be evaluated as a candidate substance for 1,5-octadien-3-one odor-suppressing materials. In such a way as described above, test substances can be screened to select candidate substances for 1,5-octadien-3-one odor-suppressing materials. According to the present invention, it is possible to select candidate substances for 1,5-octadien-3-one odor-suppressing materials from among many test substances, without causing any problems such as olfactory fatigue and variations among individuals associated with sensory testing by means of the human olfactory sense. The selected substances can be used as candidate substances for 1,5-octadien-3-one odor-suppressing materials. If necessary, the selected substances may be subjected to modifications or the like to thereby develop novel compounds having the most suitable scent. Further, the selected substances may be blended with other fragrance or flavor materials to thereby develop fragrance or flavor materials capable of suppressing the 1,5-octadien-3-one odor and also having the most suitable scent. The screening method of the present invention can be used to contribute to the development of new fragrance or flavor materials serving as 1,5-octadien-3-one odor-suppressing materials. 3. Screening Method for 1-Octen-3-Ol Odor-Suppressing Materials The screening method for 1-octen-3-ol odor-suppressing materials according to the present invention is designed such that test substances are screened with olfactory receptor polypeptides responsive to 1-octen-3-ol to select candidate substances for 1-octen-3-ol odor-suppressing materials. This method is characterized by comprising the following steps: adding a test substance and 1-octen-3-ol to at least one olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of (a) OR2C1 and OR4Q3, and (b) polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of at least 80% with the amino acid sequence of any of the polypeptides in (a) and which are responsive to 1-octen-3-ol; measuring the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide to 1-octen-3-ol; and identifying a test substance that suppresses the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide on the basis of the measured response, i.e., identifying a test substance that suppresses the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide on the basis of the measured response as a candidate substance for 1-octen-3-ol odor-suppressing materials. According to a preferred aspect of the present invention, the screening method for 1-octen-3-ol odor-suppressing materials according to the present invention comprises the following steps: (i) bringing an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of (a) OR2C1 and OR4Q3, and (b) polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more with the amino acid sequence of any of the polypeptides in (a) and which are responsive to 1-octen-3-ol into contact with 1-octen-3-ol to measure the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide to 1-octen-3-ol;
 The screening method for 1-octen-3-ol odor-suppressing materials according to the present invention is configured such that candidate substances for 1-octen-3-ol odor-suppressing materials are selected from among test substances on the basis of the responsiveness of each test substance to an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of OR2C1, OR4Q3, and polypeptides which comprise amino acid sequences sharing an identity of 80% or more with the amino acid sequences of these polypeptides and which are responsive to offensive odor-causing substances. In the screening method for 1-octen-3-ol odor-suppressing materials according to the present invention, the term “test substance” is not limited in any way, but it refers to a subject to be tested for its suppressive effect on a 1-octen-3-ol odor and is intended to mean a compound, a composition or a mixture. Likewise, the term “1-octen-3-ol odor-suppressing material” is not limited in any way, but it is intended to mean a compound, a composition or a mixture, which is capable of suppressing a 1-octen-3-ol odor. Moreover, the term “1-octen-3-ol odor” is intended to mean an odor originating from 1-octen-3-ol, as exemplified by a mushroom odor, an iron rust odor, an underarm odor, off-flavors, etc. An explanation will be given below of each step. <Step (i)> In step (i), an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of OR2C1, OR4Q3, and polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more with the amino acid sequence of any of these polypeptides and which are responsive to 1-octen-3-ol is brought into contact with 1-octen-3-ol to measure the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide to 1-octen-3-ol. The olfactory receptor polypeptide to be used for this purpose is an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of OR2C1, OR4Q3, and polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more with the amino acid sequence of any of these polypeptides and which are responsive to 1-octen-3-ol. OR2C1 has been registered in GenBank under NM_012368, and is a polypeptide consisting of an amino acid sequence (SEQ ID NO: 2) encoded by DNA at positions 53 to 991 of the nucleotide sequence shown in SEQ ID NO: 1. OR4Q3 has been registered in GenBank under NM_172194, and is a polypeptide consisting of an amino acid sequence (SEQ ID NO: 4) encoded by DNA having the nucleotide sequence shown in SEQ ID NO: 3. Since these polypeptides strongly and selectively respond to 1-octen-3-ol, the screening method using OR2C1 and/or OR4Q3 can be expected to contribute to the development of 1-octen-3-ol odor-suppressing materials. As an olfactory receptor, it is also possible to use an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more, preferably 85% or more, more preferably 90% or more, even more preferably 95% or more, and particularly preferably 98% or more with the amino acid sequence possessed by any of these polypeptides (i.e., SEQ ID NO: 2 or 4) and which are responsive to 1-octen-3-ol. Such olfactory receptor polypeptides may be used alone, or two or more of them may be used in combination. In the present invention, there is no particular limitation on how to contact an olfactory receptor polypeptide with 1-octen-3-ol to measure the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide to 1-octen-3-ol. For example, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured by being contacted with 1-octen-3-ol on cells isolated from a living body expressing the olfactory receptor polypeptide, or alternatively, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured by being contacted with 1-octen-3-ol on cells genetically engineered to artificially express the olfactory receptor polypeptide. The time required to contact the olfactory receptor polypeptide with 1-octen-3-ol is not determined exactly because it also depends on the concentration of 1-octen-3-ol and the method used for measurement. However, the response may be measured immediately after their contact, and the time required for their contact is usually 0 to 4 hours, and preferably 2 to 4 hours. The same goes for when the olfactory receptor polypeptide is contacted with 1-octen-3-ol in admixture with a test substance. Cells genetically engineered to artificially express the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be prepared when cells are transformed with a vector carrying a gene encoding the olfactory receptor polypeptide. In a preferred aspect of the present invention, the N-terminal 20 amino acid residues of bovine rhodopsin may be integrated together with the olfactory receptor polypeptide. Upon integration of the N-terminal 20 amino acid residues of bovine rhodopsin, cell membrane expression of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be facilitated. Bovine rhodopsin has been registered in GenBank under NM_001014890. Bovine rhodopsin is a polypeptide consisting of an amino acid sequence (SEQ ID NO: 6) encoded by DNA at positions 1 to 1047 of the nucleotide sequence shown in SEQ ID NO: 5. Moreover, instead of bovine rhodopsin, it is also possible to use a polypeptide which comprises an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more, preferably 85% or more, more preferably 90% or more, even more preferably 95% or more, and particularly preferably 98% or more with the amino acid sequence shown in SEQ ID NO: 6 and which is capable of facilitating cell membrane expression of the olfactory receptor polypeptide. It should be noted that amino acid residues of not only bovine rhodopsin but also any other polypeptides may be used as long as they can facilitate cell membrane expression of the olfactory receptor polypeptide. There is no particular limitation on how to measure the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide, and any technique used in the art may be used for this purpose. For example, it is known that once an odorous compound has bound to an olfactory receptor polypeptide, G protein in cells will be activated and this G protein will in turn activate adenylate cyclase to convert ATP into cyclic AMP (cAMP), thereby increasing the intracellular level of cAMP. Thus, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide can be measured when the level of cAMP is measured. The level of cAMP may be measured using ELISA techniques, reporter gene assay techniques, etc. Above all, it is preferred that the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide is measured by reporter gene assay techniques using a luminophore (e.g., luciferase). According to one embodiment of the present invention, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be evaluated on the basis of the fold increase value determined by dividing the results measured in the presence of 1-octen-3-ol by the results measured in the absence of 1-octen-3-ol. For example, when the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide is measured by reporter gene assay techniques using a luminophore (e.g., luciferase), evaluation can be made using 1-octen-3-ol at a concentration which gives a fold increase value of preferably 2 or more, more preferably 4 or more, and even more preferably 10 or more. <Step (ii)> In step (ii), a test substance is mixed with 1-octen-3-ol to measure the response of the olfactory receptor used in step (i). The response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured in the same manner as shown in step (i), except that 1-octen-3-ol is mixed with the test substance and contacted with the olfactory receptor polypeptide. For example, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured on cells isolated from a living body expressing the olfactory receptor polypeptide, or alternatively, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured on cells genetically engineered to artificially express the olfactory receptor polypeptide. For proper comparison of the results measured in steps (i) and (ii), the measurement conditions in steps (i) and (ii) are preferably the same, except for the presence or absence of the test substance. <Step (iii)> In step (iii), the results measured in steps (i) and (ii) are compared with each other to select a test substance causing a reduction in the response as a candidate substance for 1-octen-3-ol odor-suppressing materials. In the present invention, when a reduction in the response is observed as a result of comparing the results measured in steps (i) and (ii), the test substance used in step (ii) can be evaluated as a candidate substance for 1-octen-3-ol odor-suppressing materials. In such a way as described above, test substances can be screened to select candidate substances for 1-octen-3-ol odor-suppressing materials. According to the present invention, it is possible to select candidate substances for 1-octen-3-ol odor-suppressing materials from among many test substances, without causing any problems such as olfactory fatigue and variations among individuals associated with sensory testing by means of the human olfactory sense. The selected substances can be used as candidate substances for 1-octen-3-ol odor-suppressing materials. If necessary, the selected substances may be subjected to modifications or the like to thereby develop novel compounds having the most suitable scent. Further, the selected substances may be blended with other fragrance or flavor materials to thereby develop fragrance or flavor materials capable of suppressing the 1-octen-3-ol odor and also having the most suitable scent. The screening method of the present invention can be used to contribute to the development of new fragrance or flavor materials serving as 1-octen-3-ol odor-suppressing materials. 4. Screening Method for 1,5-Octadien-3-Ol Odor-Suppressing Materials The screening method for 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor-suppressing materials according to the present invention is designed such that test substances are screened with olfactory receptor polypeptides responsive to 1,5-octadien-3-ol to select candidate substances for 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor-suppressing materials. This method is characterized by comprising the following steps: adding a test substance and 1,5-octadien-3-ol to at least one olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of (a) OR2C1 and OR4Q3, and (b) polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of at least 80% with the amino acid sequence of any of the polypeptides in (a) and which are responsive to 1,5-octadien-3-ol; measuring the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide to 1,5-octadien-3-ol; and identifying a test substance that suppresses the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide on the basis of the measured response, i.e., identifying a test substance that suppresses the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide on the basis of the measured response as a candidate substance for 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor-suppressing materials. According to a preferred aspect of the present invention, the screening method for 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor-suppressing materials according to the present invention comprises the following steps: (i) bringing an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of (a) OR2C1 and OR4Q3, and (b) polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more with the amino acid sequence of any of the polypeptides in (a) and which are responsive to 1,5-octadien-3-ol into contact with 1,5-octadien-3-ol to measure the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide to 1,5-octadien-3-ol;
 The screening method for 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor-suppressing materials according to the present invention is configured such that candidate substances for 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor-suppressing materials are selected from among test substances on the basis of the responsiveness of each test substance to an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of OR2C1, OR4Q3, and polypeptides which comprise amino acid sequences sharing an identity of 80% or more with the amino acid sequences of these polypeptides and which are responsive to offensive odor-causing substances. In the screening method for 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor-suppressing materials according to the present invention, the term “test substance” is not limited in any way, but it refers to a subject to be tested for its suppressive effect on a 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor and is intended to mean a compound, a composition or a mixture. Likewise, the term “1,5-octadien-3-ol odor-suppressing material” is not limited in any way, but it is intended to mean a compound, a composition or a mixture, which is capable of suppressing a 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor. Moreover, the term “1,5-octadien-3-ol odor” is intended to mean an odor originating from 1,5-octadien-3-ol, as exemplified by a mushroom odor, an iron rust odor, an underarm odor, off-flavors, etc. An explanation will be given below of each step. <Step (i)> In step (i), an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of OR2C1, OR4Q3, and polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more with the amino acid sequence of any of these polypeptides and which are responsive to 1,5-octadien-3-ol is brought into contact with 1,5-octadien-3-ol to measure the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide to 1,5-octadien-3-ol. The olfactory receptor polypeptide to be used for this purpose is an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of OR2C1, OR4Q3, and polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more with the amino acid sequence of any of these polypeptides and which are responsive to 1,5-octadien-3-ol. OR2C1 has been registered in GenBank under NM_012368, and is a polypeptide consisting of an amino acid sequence (SEQ ID NO: 2) encoded by DNA at positions 53 to 991 of the nucleotide sequence shown in SEQ ID NO: 1. OR4Q3 has been registered in GenBank under NM_172194, and is a polypeptide consisting of an amino acid sequence (SEQ ID NO: 4) encoded by DNA having the nucleotide sequence shown in SEQ ID NO: 3. Since these polypeptides strongly and selectively respond to 1,5-octadien-3-ol, the screening method using OR2C1 and/or OR4Q3 can be expected to contribute to the development of 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor-suppressing materials. As an olfactory receptor, it is also possible to use an olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more, preferably 85% or more, more preferably 90% or more, even more preferably 95% or more, and particularly preferably 98% or more with the amino acid sequence possessed by any of these polypeptides (i.e., SEQ ID NO: 2 or 4) and which are responsive to 1,5-octadien-3-ol. Such olfactory receptor polypeptides may be used alone, or two or more of them may be used in combination. In the present invention, there is no particular limitation on how to contact an olfactory receptor polypeptide with 1,5-octadien-3-ol to measure the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide to 1,5-octadien-3-ol. For example, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured by being contacted with 1,5-octadien-3-ol on cells isolated from a living body expressing the olfactory receptor polypeptide, or alternatively, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured by being contacted with 1,5-octadien-3-ol on cells genetically engineered to artificially express the olfactory receptor polypeptide. The time required to contact the olfactory receptor polypeptide with 1,5-octadien-3-ol is not determined exactly because it also depends on the concentration of 1,5-octadien-3-ol and the method used for measurement. However, the response may be measured immediately after their contact, and the time required for their contact is usually 0 to 4 hours, and preferably 2 to 4 hours. The same goes for when the olfactory receptor polypeptide is contacted with 1,5-octadien-3-ol in admixture with a test substance. Cells genetically engineered to artificially express the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be prepared when cells are transformed with a vector carrying a gene encoding the olfactory receptor polypeptide. In a preferred aspect of the present invention, the N-terminal 20 amino acid residues of bovine rhodopsin may be integrated together with the olfactory receptor polypeptide. Upon integration of the N-terminal 20 amino acid residues of bovine rhodopsin, cell membrane expression of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be facilitated. Bovine rhodopsin has been registered in GenBank under NM 001014890. Bovine rhodopsin is a polypeptide consisting of an amino acid sequence (SEQ ID NO: 6) encoded by DNA at positions 1 to 1047 of the nucleotide sequence shown in SEQ ID NO: 5. Moreover, instead of bovine rhodopsin, it is also possible to use a polypeptide which comprises an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of 80% or more, preferably 85% or more, more preferably 90% or more, even more preferably 95% or more, and particularly preferably 98% or more with the amino acid sequence shown in SEQ ID NO: 6 and which is capable of facilitating cell membrane expression of the olfactory receptor polypeptide. It should be noted that amino acid residues of not only bovine rhodopsin but also any other polypeptides may be used as long as they can facilitate cell membrane expression of the olfactory receptor polypeptide. There is no particular limitation on how to measure the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide, and any technique used in the art may be used for this purpose. For example, it is known that once an odorous compound has bound to an olfactory receptor polypeptide, G protein in cells will be activated and this G protein will in turn activate adenylate cyclase to convert ATP into cyclic AMP (cAMP), thereby increasing the intracellular level of cAMP. Thus, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide can be measured when the level of cAMP is measured. The level of cAMP may be measured using ELISA techniques, reporter gene assay techniques, etc. Above all, it is preferred that the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide is measured by reporter gene assay techniques using a luminophore (e.g., luciferase). According to one embodiment of the present invention, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be evaluated on the basis of the fold increase value determined by dividing the results measured in the presence of 1,5-octadien-3-ol by the results measured in the absence of 1,5-octadien-3-ol. For example, when the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide is measured by reporter gene assay techniques using a luminophore (e.g., luciferase), evaluation can be made using 1,5-octadien-3-ol at a concentration which gives a fold increase value of preferably 2 or more, more preferably 4 or more, and even more preferably 10 or more. <Step (ii)> In step (ii), a test substance is mixed with 1,5-octadien-3-ol to measure the response of the olfactory receptor used in step (i). The response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured in the same manner as shown in step (i), except that 1,5-octadien-3-ol is mixed with the test substance and contacted with the olfactory receptor polypeptide. For example, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured on cells isolated from a living body expressing the olfactory receptor polypeptide, or alternatively, the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide may be measured on cells genetically engineered to artificially express the olfactory receptor polypeptide. For proper comparison of the results measured in steps (i) and (ii), the measurement conditions in steps (i) and (ii) are preferably the same, except for the presence or absence of the test substance. <Step (iii)> In step (iii), the results measured in steps (i) and (ii) are compared with each other to select a test substance causing a reduction in the response as a candidate substance for 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor-suppressing materials. In the present invention, when a reduction in the response is observed as a result of comparing the results measured in steps (i) and (ii), the test substance used in step (ii) can be evaluated as a candidate substance for 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor-suppressing materials. In such a way as described above, test substances can be screened to select candidate substances for 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor-suppressing materials. According to the present invention, it is possible to select candidate substances for 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor-suppressing materials from among many test substances, without causing any problems such as olfactory fatigue and variations among individuals associated with sensory testing by means of the human olfactory sense. The selected substances can be used as candidate substances for 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor-suppressing materials. If necessary, the selected substances may be subjected to modifications or the like to thereby develop novel compounds having the most suitable scent. Further, the selected substances may be blended with other fragrance or flavor materials to thereby develop fragrance or flavor materials capable of suppressing the 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor and also having the most suitable scent. The screening method of the present invention can be used to contribute to the development of new fragrance or flavor materials serving as 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor-suppressing materials. 5. Offensive Odor-Suppressing Composition The screening method of the present invention can be used to select an offensive odor-suppressing material suitable for each offensive odor-causing substance, and such an offensive odor-suppressing material can be used as an active ingredient to give an offensive odor-suppressing composition for each intended purpose. In one embodiment of the present invention, the offensive odor-suppressing composition contains at least one compound selected from the following group (A) as an active ingredient. The group (A) includes 2-methyl-4-(2,2,3-trimethylcyclopent-3-enyl)but-2-en-1-ol (Hindinol®), 1-(2,2,6-trimethylcyclohexyl)hexan-3-ol (Dextramber®), 1,4-dioxacycloheptadecane-5,17-dione,  eucalyptus  The offensive odor-suppressing composition containing the above group (A) particularly can suppress age-related body odors and/or underarm odors which are offensive odors composed of at least one selected from the group consisting of a 1-octen-3-one odor and a 1,5-octadien-3-one odor. Moreover, the offensive odor-suppressing composition containing the above group (A) can suppress age-related body odors and/or underarm odors which are offensive odors composed of at least one selected from the group consisting of a trans-2-nonenal odor and a trans-2-octenal odor. The offensive odor-suppressing composition of the present invention may comprise known fragrances or commonly used additives as described below within the range that will not impair the effect of the present invention, i.e., within the quantitative and qualitative range that can overcome the olfactory offensiveness associated with the age-related body odors and/or underarm odors. Examples of known fragrances include hydrocarbons (e.g., α-pinene, limonene, cedrene); aliphatic saturated or unsaturated alcohols (e.g., 1-octen-3-ol, nonanol); saturated or unsaturated linear terpene alcohols (e.g., myrcenol, tetrahydrolinalool, nerol); cyclic terpene alcohols (e.g., α-terpineol, bornyl methoxy cyclohexanol); sesquiterpene alcohols (e.g., farnesol); aromatic alcohols (e.g., γ-phenylpropyl alcohol, dimethylbenzylcarbinol); aliphatic aldehydes, terpene-based aldehydes, aromatic aldehydes, aliphatic ketones (e.g., Iso E Super (7-acetyl-1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8-octahydro-1,1,6,7-tetramethylnaphthalene)); terpene-based cyclic ketones, cyclic ketones, aliphatic esters, acetic acid esters, propionic acid esters, butyric acid esters, benzoic acid esters, phenylacetic acid esters, salicylic acid esters, anthranilic acid esters and so on. The amount of these known fragrances in the offensive odor-suppressing composition of the present invention may be selected as appropriate depending on the type of fragrance to be used and/or the intended purpose, and is not limited in any way. The offensive odor-suppressing composition of the present invention can be incorporated into various types of products, and perfumery and cosmetics are also one of the preferred products. The offensive odor-suppressing composition of the present invention mentioned above may be incorporated into, e.g., perfumery and cosmetics together with commonly used additives, depending on its form or its dosage form. Examples of commonly used additives include known UV absorbers; algefacients (e.g., menthol, methyl salicylate); skin stimulants (e.g.,  capsicum  Moreover, the offensive odor-suppressing composition of the present invention may be incorporated in an amount commonly used in the art into, for example, fragrance products, perfumery and cosmetics, basic cosmetics, make-up cosmetics, hair cosmetics, sun care cosmetics, medicated cosmetics, hair care products, soaps, body cleansers, bath preparations, fabric detergents, soft-finishing agents, detergents, kitchen detergents, bleaching agents, aerosols, air fresheners, repellents and/or sundry goods to enhance their commercial value. Examples of fragrance products include perfume, eau de parfum, eau de toilette, eau de cologne, and so on; examples of basic cosmetics include face wash cream, vanishing cream, cleansing cream, cold cream, massage cream, skin milk, lotion, essence, facial pack, make-up remover, and so on; examples of make-up cosmetics include foundation, lipstick, lip pomade, and so on; examples of hair cosmetics include hair tonic, hair liquid, hair spray, and so on; examples of sun care cosmetics include suntan products, sunscreen products, and so on; and examples of medicated cosmetics include antiperspirant, after shaving lotion and gel, permanent waving agent, medicated soap, medicated shampoo, medicated skin cosmetics, and so on. Examples of hair care products include shampoo, conditioner, two-in-one shampoo, hair conditioner, hair treatment, hair pack, and so on; examples of soaps include toilet soap, bath soap, and so on; examples of body cleansers include body wash, body shampoo, hand wash, and so on; and examples of bath preparations include bath additives (e.g., bath salt, bath tablet, bath liquid), foam bath (e.g., bubble bath), bath oil (e.g., bath perfume, bath capsule), milk bath, bath gel, bath cube and so on. Examples of fabric detergents include heavy fabric detergent, light fabric detergent, liquid detergent, laundry soap, concentrated detergent, powdered soap, and so on; examples of soft-finishing agents include softener, furniture care, and so on; examples of detergents include cleanser, household cleaner, toilet detergent, bath detergent, glass cleaner, mold remover, drain detergent, and so on; examples of kitchen detergents include kitchen soap, kitchen synthetic soap, dish detergent, and so on; examples of bleaching agents include oxidizing bleaching agents (e.g., chlorine-based bleaching agent, oxygen-based bleaching agent), reducing bleaching agents (e.g., sulfur-based bleaching agent), optical bleaching agents, and so on; examples of aerosols include those of spray type, powder spray, and so on; examples of air fresheners include those of solid type, gel type or liquid type, and so on; and examples of sundry goods include those of various forms such as tissue paper, toilet paper, and so on. When the offensive odor-suppressing composition of the present invention is used in the above products, the composition may be used as such or converted into any form depending on the intended purpose, as exemplified by a liquid form dissolved in an alcohol or a polyhydric alcohol (e.g., propylene glycol, glycerin); a solubilized or dispersed form solubilized or dispersed with a surfactant (e.g., a nonionic surfactant, an anionic surfactant, a cationic surfactant, an amphoteric surfactant); or a microcapsule form obtained by treatment with an encapsulating agent, etc. Further, the above offensive odor-suppressing composition may be used in a stable and sustained release form by being included in an inclusion agent such as cyclodextrin. These forms are suitable as final product forms (e.g., liquid, solid, powder, gel, mist and aerosol forms) and may be selected as appropriate. Further, the offensive odor-suppressing composition of the present invention does not serve as an odorant by itself, but is used by being incorporated into a profragrance which has the ability to release the above offensive odor-suppressing composition under use/application conditions. In this case, the amount of the offensive odor-suppressing composition of the present invention is not limited in any way, but it is within the range of approximately 0.001% to 20.0% by weight relative to the total weight of the product. 6. Flavor Composition The flavor composition of the present invention contains, as an active ingredient, a flavor component suppressing the intensity of response to at least one olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of OR2C, OR4Q3, and polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of at least 80% with the amino acid sequence of any of these polypeptides and which are responsive to one or more offensive odor-causing substances selected from the group consisting of 1-octen-3-one, 1,5-octadien-3-one, 1-octen-3-ol and 1,5-octadien-3-ol. The flavor composition of the present invention may comprise known flavorings or commonly used additives as described below within the range that will not impair the effect of the present invention, i.e., within the quantitative and qualitative range that can reduce off-flavors from food and beverage products. The flavor composition of the present invention may also be incorporated into a composition for oral use within the range that will not impair the effect of the present invention. Other components which may be incorporated into the flavor composition of the present invention include various synthetic flavorings, natural flavorings, natural essential oils, plant extracts and so on, as exemplified by natural essential oils, natural fragrances or flavorings, synthetic fragrances or flavorings and so on as appear in “Japanese Patent Office Bulletin, Collection of Well-known Prior Arts (Flavorings and Fragrances) Part II Food Flavors, P88 to 131, published on Jan. 14, 2000.” The flavor composition of the present invention may optionally contain, for example, a solvent (e.g., water, ethanol) and/or a fixative (e.g., ethylene glycol, propylene glycol, dipropylene glycol, hexylene glycol, glycerin, triethyl citrate, medium chain fatty acid triglyceride, medium chain fatty acid diglyceride), which are commonly used. The food and beverage products intended in the present invention include: beverages such as fruit drinks, fruit liquors, milk beverages, carbonated beverages, soft drinks, and drinkable preparations; tea beverages or palatable beverages such as green tea, oolong tea, black tea, persimmon leaf tea, chamomile tea, kumazasa ( Sasa albo marginata Houttuynia cordata frozen desserts such as ice creams, sorbets, and ice lollies; desserts such as jellies and puddings; western confectionery such as cakes, cookies, chocolates, and chewing gums; Japanese confectionery such as manju (sweet bean paste buns), yokan (sweet bean paste jelly), and uiro (sweet rice jelly); jams; candies; bakery products; flavorings and seasonings; various instant foods; various junk foods, etc. The above composition for oral use includes dentifrices, oral washes, mouth washes, troches, chewing gums., etc. EXAMPLES The present invention will be further described in more detail below by way of the following illustrative examples, although the present invention is not limited to these examples. Example 1 Measurement of Olfactory Receptor Response to 1-Octen-3-One (1) Cloning of Olfactory Receptor Genes Human olfactory receptor genes were obtained by PCR cloning with Human Genomic DNA: Female (Promega) on the basis of their sequence information registered in GenBank. Into pME18S vectors, the N-terminal 20 amino acid residues of bovine rhodopsin were integrated and the resulting human olfactory receptor genes were integrated respectively downstream thereof to obtain human olfactory receptor gene expression vectors. (2) Expression of Olfactory Receptor Genes in HEK293T Cells Each human olfactory receptor gene expression vector (0.05 μg), RTP1S vector (0.01 μg), firefly luciferase vector pGL4.29 containing a cAMP response element promoter (Promega, 0.01 μg) and  Renilla  (3) Luciferase Reporter Gene Assay After removal of the culture solutions, an odorous substance serving as an analyte, which had been prepared at a given concentration with CD293 (gibco) medium (supplemented with 20 μM L-glutamine), was added in 50 μL volumes to stimulate the cells for 3 hours, followed by luciferase activity measurement in accordance with the usage of a Dual-Luciferase Reporter Assay System (Promega). The response intensity of each olfactory receptor polypeptide was expressed as a fold increase value, which was determined by dividing the luciferase activity generated upon stimulation with the odorous substance by the luciferase activity generated in a test system not containing the odorous substance. (4) Identification of Olfactory Receptor Polypeptides Responding to 1-Octen-3-One The cells engineered to express human olfactory receptors OR2C1 and OR4Q3 were used to measure the response of these receptors to various concentrations of 1-octen-3-one by the luciferase reporter gene assay. The results obtained are shown in  FIGS.  1 2 Example 2 Measurement of Olfactory Receptor Response to 1,5-Octadien-3-One According to the same procedure as shown in Example 1, the cells engineered to express human olfactory receptors OR2C1 and OR4Q3 were used to measure the response of these receptors to various concentrations of 1,5-octadien-3-one by the luciferase reporter gene assay. The results obtained are shown in  FIGS.  3 4 Example 3 Measurement of olfactory receptor response to 1-octen-3-ol According to the same procedure as shown in Example 1, the cells engineered to express human olfactory receptor OR4Q3 were used to measure the response of this receptor to various concentrations of 1-octen-3-ol by the luciferase reporter gene assay. The results obtained are shown in  FIG.  5 Example 4 Measurement of Olfactory Receptor Response to 1,5-Octadien-3-Ol According to the same procedure as shown in Example 1, the cells engineered to express human olfactory receptor OR4Q3 were used to measure the response of this receptor to various concentrations of 1,5-octadien-3-ol by the luciferase reporter gene assay. The results obtained are shown in  FIG.  6 Example 5 Evaluation of Offensive Odor-Suppressing Materials for their Suppressive Effect on the Response of OR2C1 to 1-Octen-3-One Odor According to the same procedure as shown in Example 1, offensive odor-suppressing materials 2-methyl-4-(2,2,3-trimethylcyclopent-3-enyl)but-2-en-1-ol (also known as 2-methyl-4-(2,2,3-trimethyl-3-cyclopentenyl)-2-buten-1-ol) (Hindinol®) and 1-(2,2,6-trimethylcyclohexyl)hexan-3-ol (Dextramber®) were each mixed at various concentrations with 30 μM 1-octen-3-one, and the cells engineered to express OR2C1 were used to measure the response of this receptor to 1-octen-3-one. The ratio of the fold increase value obtained in the test using the offensive odor-suppressing materials was determined assuming that the fold increase value obtained in the test without mixing the offensive odor-suppressing materials was set to 100. The results obtained are shown in  FIGS.  7 8 Example 6 Evaluation of Offensive Odor-Suppressing Materials for their Suppressive Effect on the Response of OR2C1 to Trans-2-Nonenal Odor According to the same procedure as shown in Example 5, offensive odor-suppressing materials 2-methyl-4-(2,2,3-trimethylcyclopent-3-enyl)but-2-en-1-ol (Hindinol®) and 1-(2,2,6-trimethylcyclohexyl)hexan-3-ol (Dextramber®) were each mixed at various concentrations with 60 μM trans-2-nonenal, and the cells engineered to express OR2C1 were used to measure the response of this receptor to trans-2-nonenal. The results obtained are shown in  FIGS.  9 10 INDUSTRIAL APPLICABILITY By using the screening method of the present invention, candidate substances for materials suppressing a 1-octen-3-one odor, a 1,5-octadien-3-one odor, a 1-octen-3-ol odor and a 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor can be selected respectively from among many test substances. The screening method of the present invention can be expected to contribute to the development of 1-octen-3-one odor-suppressing materials, 1,5-octadien-3-one odor-suppressing materials, 1-octen-3-ol odor-suppressing materials and 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor-suppressing materials. Moreover, the offensive odor-suppressing composition of the present invention can be expected to contribute to reduction in the offensiveness of age-related body odors and/or underarm odors. 
 
 1 adding a test substance and one or more offensive odor-causing substances selected from the group consisting of 1-octen-3-one, 1,5-octadien-3-one, 1-octen-3-ol and 1,5-octadien-3-ol to at least one olfactory receptor polypeptide selected from the group consisting of (a) OR2C1 and OR4Q3, and (b) polypeptides which comprise an amino acid sequence sharing an identity of at least 80% with the amino acid sequence of any of the polypeptides in (a) and which are responsive to one or more offensive odor-causing substances selected from the group consisting of 1-octen-3-one, 1,5-octadien-3-one, 1-octen-3-ol and 1,5-octadien-3-ol; measuring the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide to the one or more offensive odor-causing substances selected from the group consisting of 1-octen-3-one, 1,5-octadien-3-one, 1-octen-3-ol and 1,5-octadien-3-ol; and identifying a test substance that suppresses the response of the olfactory receptor polypeptide on the basis of the measured response. 
 2 claim 1 
 3 claim 1 
 4 claim 1 
 The present invention relates to a screening method for materials suppressing one or more offensive odors selected from the group consisting of a 1-octen-3-one odor, a 1,5-octadien-3-one odor, a 1-octen-3-ol odor and a 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor, an offensive odor-suppressing composition for reducing the offensiveness of age-related body odors and/or underarm odors, as well as a flavor composition for reducing off-flavors derived from food and beverage products. By using the screening method of the present invention, candidate substances for materials suppressing a 1-octen-3-one odor, a 1,5-octadien-3-one odor, a 1-octen-3-ol odor and a 1,5-octadien-3-ol odor can be selected respectively from among many test substances. An offensive odor-suppressing composition comprising an active ingredient selected by using the screening method of the present invention can be expected to contribute to reduction in the offensiveness of age-related body odors and/or underarm odors and to reduction in off-flavors derived from food and beverage products.


 RELATED APPLICATION This application is based upon prior filed copending Application No. 63/202,894 filed Jun. 29, 2021, the entire subject matter of which is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety. GOVERNMENT RIGHTS This invention was made with government support under grant ECCS-1808045 awarded by the National Science Foundation. The government has certain rights in the invention. TECHNICAL FIELD The present disclosure relates to the field of biosensors, and, more particularly, to a biosensor for detecting a virus and related methods. BACKGROUND Viral infections are one of the topmost health concerns worldwide, especially those highly contagious that emerge from isolated geographical clusters and evolve rapidly into pandemics 1,2 Aedes aegypti  Aedes albopictus 2-4 2 2 5-7 8,9 1,2 SUMMARY Generally, a method is for detecting a biomarker within a sample of blood. The method may include processing the sample of blood with a microfluidic blood plasma separator, and flowing a portion of the blood plasma sample over a sensing surface of the plasmonic array biosensor. The sensing surface of the plasmonic array biosensor may have a high-affinity single stranded DNA (ssDNA) aptamer against the biomarker. The method may further include binding the biomarker in the sample of blood to the ssDNA aptamer of the plasmonic array biosensor, and detecting the biomarker in the sample of blood based upon a localized surface plasmon resonance (LSPR) altering a reflected optical signal from the plasmonic array biosensor. In particular, the detection may comprise shining an optical signal into the plasmonic array biosensor and detecting the reflected optical signal. The method may also include flowing a buffer solution and the sample of blood through the microfluidic blood plasma separator until the reflected optical signal stabilizes. The method may further include increasing a flow of the sample of blood until plasma separation occurs to provide a plasma sample from the sample of blood, and performing the detection on the plasma sample. The method may further comprise incubating the plasma sample from the blood sample, and passing the plasma over the sensing surface of the plasmonic array biosensor. The method may comprise, subsequently to the passing, flushing the plasmonic array biosensor with the buffer solution. More specifically, the biomarker may comprise a protein generated from at least one of a virus, a pathogen, a bacterium, and another microorganism. The biomarker may comprise at least one of a DENV1-NS1 protein, a DENV2-NS1 protein, or a Dengue virus protein. The method may further comprise reducing nonselective binding from proteins in the sample of blood based upon a passivation layer on the plasmonic array biosensor. For example, the method may further comprise detecting the biomarker in the sample of blood at a concentration less than 0.2 μg/mL. Another aspect is directed to a method for making a plasmonic array biosensor for detecting a biomarker within a sample of blood. The method may include positioning a microfluidic blood plasma separator on a substrate of a plasmonic array biosensor to process the sample of blood, and functionalizing the plasmonic array biosensor with an ssDNA aptamer against the biomarker. A sensing surface of the plasmonic array biosensor may bind to the biomarker in the sample of blood, and the plasmonic array biosensor may detect the biomarker in the sample of blood based upon a LSPR signal. More specifically, the method may further comprise passivating the sensing surface of the plasmonic array biosensor by at least forming a self-assembled monolayer. For example, the self-assembled monolayer may comprise a thiol-terminated 6-mercaptohexanol self-assembled monolayer. Also, the microfluidic blood plasma separator may be removably clamped onto the substrate. The plasmonic array biosensor may comprise a hole-disc array. For example, the hole-disc array may have period of 0.5-0.6 μm, a diameter of 0.1-0.3 μm, and a relief depth of 0.2-0.4 μm. The method may further comprise forming a metallic back reflector on the plasmonic array biosensor. The method may further comprise forming a dielectric polymer base for the plasmonic array biosensor. The method may comprise forming a water proof membrane on the dielectric polymer base. For example, the water proof membrane may comprise aluminum oxide. 
 BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIGS.  1 1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 FIGS.  2 2 FIG.  3 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 FIG.  5 FIG.  6 DETAILED DESCRIPTION The present disclosure will now be described more fully hereinafter with reference to the accompanying drawings, in which several embodiments of the invention are shown. This present disclosure may, however, be embodied in many different forms and should not be construed as limited to the embodiments set forth herein. Rather, these embodiments are provided so that this disclosure will be thorough and complete, and will fully convey the scope of the present disclosure to those skilled in the art. Like numbers refer to like elements throughout. The rapid spread of viral infections demands early detection strategies to minimize proliferation of the disease. Existing polymerase chain reaction (PCR) based viral detection techniques are slow and tedious, which poses technological limitations. Here, a plasmonic biosensor to detect Dengue virus is disclosed, which was chosen as a model virus, via its nonstructural protein NS1 biomarker. The sensor, which is functionalized with a synthetic single-stranded DNA oligonucleotide, provides high affinity towards the NS1 protein present in the virus genome. The present disclosure provides for the detection of the NS1 protein at a concentration of 0.1-10 μg/mL in bovine blood using an on-chip microfluidic plasma separator integrated with the plasmonic sensor, which covers the clinical threshold of 0.6 μg/mL of high risk of developing Dengue hemorrhagic fever. The present disclosure may demonstrate potential application of these microfluidic optical biosensors for early detection of wide range of viral infections, and may provide a rapid clinical diagnosis of infectious diseases directly from minimally processed biological samples at a point of care location. FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIGS.  1 1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 280 FIG.  2 290 FIG.  2 300 FIG.  2 310 FIG.  2 320 FIG.  2 330 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 340 FIG.  3 350 FIG.  4 360 FIG.  4 370 FIG.  4 380 Viral infections, such as DENV, are diagnosed using antibody, protein biomarkers, or messenger ribonucleic acid (mRNA) from a biological sample. On one hand, the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) is the clinical diagnostic gold standard for seral antibodies or proteins detection, which is an indirect approach to identify an active or past viral infection 10,11 14,15 In the present disclosure, a cavity-coupled plasmonic biosensor  200 16-18  FIG.  1 R 16,19 In order to make it target specific, the plasmonic biosensor is functionalized with a ssDNA aptamer against the nonstructural NS1 protein from DENV2 serotype, (diagram  250 FIG.  1 20,21 22 23,24 25,26 11,27 Results: Plasmonic Biosensor LSP oscillations are supported at the interface between dielectric and subwavelength metallic structures. The LSPR is inherently determined by the geometrical configuration, materials, and the surrounding dielectric permittivity. Any modification to these parameters induces a resonance shift, however without any selectivity. That means two similar biomolecules when attached to the metallic interface impart same resonance shifts, making them indistinguishable. Hence, it is essential to incorporate an affinity layer against the target biomarker to produce a selective LSPR shift upon analyte binding to enable label-free affinity-based plasmonic biosensing. The plasmonic sensor is formed by hybridizing the LSP with an asymmetric Fabry-Perot cavity resonator 17,19,28 FIG.  1 29 FIG.  1 260 265 FIGS.  1 1 19 FIG.  1 275 270 FIG.  1 Target Specific Viral Genome Detection Nonstructural NS1 glycoprotein forms part of the genetic code of all the Flaviviridae virus family, such as the four serotypes of the DENV, the Japanese encephalitis virus, Yellow fever virus, West Nile virus, tick-borne Encephalitis virus, and Zika virus 30-32 FIG.  1 32 32,33 34,35 11,27 To target specific detection, the sensor is functionalized with ssDNA aptamer to detect NS1 protein directly from blood. However, detection from minimally processed and unfiltered biological samples in general is challenging due to the protein adsorption on sensor surface. The high protein content in blood plasma tends to electrostatically accumulate on the negatively charged gold surface producing a spurious biofilm accumulation leading to an uncontrolled background masking the positive binding of the target biomarker. In order to address such a protein fouling, the present disclosure implements a surface passivation based on thiol-terminated MCH self-assembled monolayer, which is a typical surface passivating strategy for gold-based biosensors 21,36,37 280 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 FIG.  1 290 FIG.  2 Two non-functionalized plasmonic substrates were prepared with and without surface passivation. This PBS+BSA solution was flowed using a microfluidic chip placed on top of the plasmonic substrate and secured with an acrylic fixture. First, the PBS flows in the microfluidic channel to bring the sensor to a stable state determining the baseline. Then, the PBS+BSA solution flows for five minutes and then flushed away with PBS to remove poorly adhered BSA on the gold surface. Protein adsorption and selective biding in the subsequent biosensing demonstrations, is gauged using the LSPR shift with respect to the baseline. In the plasmonic substrate without passivation, BSA accumulates rapidly within half a minute and remain constant independent of the continuous BSA flow, which is a sign of surface saturation. The flow of PBS solution flushes any poorly adhered BSA, but the residual LSPR shift (0.497±0.028 nm) denotes a considerable remaining protein adhesion to the substrate, see diagram  300 FIG.  2 FIG.  2 310 Detection in PBS The first detection demonstration is performed in PBS solution where purified DENV2-NS1 protein was spiked at different known concentrations. The purpose of this characterization is to evaluate the binding capability to detect the target biomarker within the clinically relevant concentration for high risk DHF development (0.6 μg/mL) 11,27 320 FIG.  2 The results of this characterization are summarized in diagram  330 FIG.  2 Detection from PBS+BSA In order to assess the device performance in artificial sample conditions, i.e. saline solution with high protein content (BSA) and the target biomarker, the same experiment was repeated, but 100 μg/mL of BSA was added into the PBS buffer. The sensors were batch fabricated, functionalized and surface passivated.  FIG.  2 340 FIG.  2 FIG.  3 350 Direct Detection from the Blood Ultimately, a biosensor capable of performing biomarker detection from minimally prepared blood samples is the key for the point-of-care clinical diagnostics and other applications that require portability. In order to demonstrate the feasibility of performing DENV2 detection using the circulating NS1 protein biomarker directly from bovine blood, the plasmonic biosensor was integrated with an on-chip microfluidic plasma separator 18 FIG.  1 38 39-41 39 Detection directly from blood following this scheme requires four steps. In the first step, PBS and blood flows at low speed at the same time to fill the channels with solution. Once the reflected optical signal is stabilized, the PBS channel closes meanwhile the blood flow increases until plasma separation occurs within the first two minutes, see microscope photograph image  360 FIG.  4 FIG.  4 370 380 FIG.  4 Other methods of DENV detection mostly use immunoassay approaches—the use of antibodies as the affinity layer. For example, the detection of DENV E-protein (see  FIG.  1 42 43 44  42 45 Success in containing the spread of viral infections relies on the early and accurate detection of biomarkers in biological fluids, ideally in the infection stages prior to the onset of life-threatening symptoms. In addition, as several viral infections manifest as similar symptoms at the early stages, and most of them can develop into chronic pathologies, any misdiagnosis can lead to severe medical complications leading to death. In this context, the present disclosure demonstrated a biosensing platform with potential portability for deploying to the sites of interest, for example, in remote locations lacking the adequate infrastructure for prompt screening. In some embodiments, multiplexing, and hardware integration this platform can become a practical solution to detect a myriad of other biomarkers, not only the different genera from the Flaviviridae virus family but to other relevant pathologies associated to viral infections, such as the current COVID-19 pandemic caused by the SARS-CoV-2 virus. A method is performed by an automated system in order to control the plasma separation process. A method is to functionalize and passivate the sensor at the same time with the aim at optimizing sensor preparation time. A method describes how the blood sample is delivered to the microfluidic chip. A method is to prevent polymer swelling to increase the performance of the biosensor in aqueous environments, especially based in cavity-coupling. In this case, aluminum oxide thin film coating is used. A method involves adding a control measurement, in parallel with the biosensing of the target biomarker. A method, based on the methods previously described, involves the detection of multiple biomarkers from the same sample with the aim at identifying an infection with high confidence. A method involves the integration of this sensor with the optical readout system that allows the implementation of portable biosensing system. Referring now to  FIGS.  1 1 2 5 1000 1001 The method illustratively includes processing the sample of blood with a biosensor  200 1003 200 201 202 203 202 204 a  204 b  205 a  205 b  As perhaps best seen in  FIG.  2 203 210 211 212 203 213 The method illustratively comprises flowing the sample of blood over a sensing surface of the plasmonic array biosensor  203 1005 203 203 1007 203 The method also includes flowing a buffer solution and the sample of blood through the microfluidic blood plasma separator  202 203 202 The method also includes detecting the biomarker in the sample of blood based upon a LSPR altering a reflected optical signal from the plasmonic array biosensor  203 1009 203 1011 Referring now to  FIGS.  1 1 6 2000 2001 The method illustratively includes forming a metallic back reflector on a substrate  201 2003 210 2005 210 2007 211 2009 211 212 203 2011 The method illustratively includes positioning a microfluidic blood plasma separator  202 201 203 2013 202 201 The method illustratively comprises functionalizing the plasmonic array biosensor  203 2015 203 203 The method further comprises passivating the sensing surface of the plasmonic array biosensor  203 2017 The plasmonic array biosensor  203 206 206 2019 In the following, a discussion of an example embodiment of a method for making the plasmonic array biosensor  203 2 3 In the following, a discussion of an example embodiment of a method for making the microfluidic blood plasma separator  202 202 In the following, a discussion of an example embodiment of the step for functionalizing the plasmonic array biosensor  203 Many modifications and other embodiments of the present disclosure will come to the mind of one skilled in the art having the benefit of the teachings presented in the foregoing descriptions and the associated drawings. Therefore, it is understood that the present disclosure is not to be limited to the specific embodiments disclosed, and that modifications and embodiments are intended to be included within the scope of the appended claims. REFERENCES (the contents of which are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety)
 
     Rodriguez-Roche, R.; Gould, E. A. Understanding the Dengue Viruses and Progress towards Their Control. Biomed Res. Int. 2013, 2013, 1-20. https://doi.org/10.1155/2013/690835. (2) Guzman, M. G.; Halstead, S. B.; Artsob, H.; Buchy, P.; Farrar, J.; Gubler, D. J.; Hunsperger, E.; Kroeger, A.; Margolis, H. S.; Martí-nez, E.; Nathan, M. B.; Pelegrino, J. L.; Simmons, C.; Yoksan, S.; Peeling, R. W. Dengue: A Continuing Global Threat. Nat. Rev. Microbiol. 2010, 8 (12), S7-S16. https://doi.org/10.1038/nrmicro2460. (3) Tuiskunen Bäck, A.; Lundkvist, Å. Dengue Viruses—an Overview. Infect. Ecol. Epidemiol. 2013, 3 (1), 19839. https://doi.org/10.3402/iee.v3i0.19839. (4) Yung, C. F.; Lee, K. S.; Thein, T. L.; Tan, L. K.; Gan, V. C.; Wong, J. G. X.; Lye, D. C.; Ng, L. C.; Leo, Y. S. Dengue Serotype-Specific Differences in Clinical Manifestation, Laboratory Parameters and Risk of Severe Disease in Adults, Singapore. Am. J. Trop. Med. Hyg. 2015, 92 (5), 999-1005. https://doi.org/10.4269/ajtmh.14-0628. (5) Whitehorn, J.; Simmons, C. P. The Pathogenesis of Dengue. Vaccine 2011, 29 (42), 7221-7228. https://doi.org/10.1016/J.VACCINE.2011.07.022. (6) Coller, B.-A. G.; Clements, D. E. Dengue Vaccines: Progress and Challenges. Curr. Opin. Immunol. 2011, 23 (3), 391-398. https://doi.org/10.1016/J.COI.2011.03.005. (7) Chokephaibulkit, K.; Perng, G. C. Challenges for the Formulation of a Universal Vaccine against Dengue. Exp. Biol. Med. 2013, 238 (5), 566-578. https://doi.org/10.1177/1535370212473703. (8) Rosa, B. R.; Cunha, A. J. L. A. Da; Medronho, R. D. A. Efficacy, Immunogenicity and Safety of a Recombinant Tetravalent Dengue Vaccine (CYD-TDV) in Children Aged 2-17 Years: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis. BMJ Open 2019, 9 (3), 1-9. https://doi.org/10.1136/bmjopen-2017-019368. (9) World Health Organization. Global Vaccine Safety. GACVS Statement on Dengvaxia® (CYD-TDV). World Health Organization, 2017. Available at: https://www.who.int/vaccine_safety/committee/GACVS-StatementonDengvaxia-CYD-TDV/en/. (10) Vazquez, S.; Lemos, G.; Pupo, M.; Ganzón, O.; Palenzuela, D.; Indart, A.; Guzman, M. G. Diagnosis of Dengue Virus Infection by the Visual and Simple AuBioDOT Immunoglobulin M Capture System. Clin. Diagn. Lab. Immunol. 2003, 10 (6), 1074-1077. https://doi.org/10.1128/CDLI.10.6.1074-1077.2003. (11) Alcon, S.; Talarmin, A.; Debruyne, M.; Falconar, A.; Deubel, V.; Flamand, M. Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay Specific to Dengue Virus Type 1 Nonstructural Protein NS1 Reveals Circulation of the Antigen in the Blood during the Acute Phase of Disease in Patients Experiencing Primary or Secondary Infections. J. Clin. Microbiol. 2002, 40 (2), 376-381. https://doi.org/10.1128/JCM.40.02.376-381.2002. (12) Sa-Ngasang, A.; Wibulwattanakij, S.; Chanama, S.; O-Rapinpatipat, A.; A-Nuegoonpipat, A.; Anantapreecha, S.; Sawanpanyalert, P.; Kurane, I. Evaluation of RT-PCR as a Tool for Diagnosis of Secondary Dengue Virus Infection. Jpn. J. Infect. Dis. 2003, 56 (5-6), 205-209. (13) Lolekha, R.; Chokephaibulkit, K.; Yoksan, S.; Vanprapar, N.; Phongsamart, W.; Chearskul, S. Diagnosis of Dengue Infection Using Various Diagnostic Tests in the Early Stage of Illness. Southeast Asian J. Trop. Med. Public Health 2004, 35 (2), 391-395. (14) Sharma, S.; Kumari, R.; Varshney, S. K.; Lahiri, B. Optical Biosensing with Electromagnetic Nanostructures. Rev. Phys. 2020, 5. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.revip.2020.100044. (15) Yang, T.; Chen, S.; He, X.; Guo, H.; Sun, X. How to Convincingly Measure Low Concentration Samples with Optical Label-Free Biosensors. Sens Actuators B Chem. 2020, 306, 127568. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.snb.2019.127568. (16) Chanda, D.; Shigeta, K.; Truong, T.; Lui, E.; Mihi, A.; Schulmerich, M.; Braun, P. V.; Bhargava, R.; Rogers, J. A. Coupling of Plasmonic and Optical Cavity Modes in Quasi-Three-Dimensional Plasmonic Crystals. Nat. Commun. 2011, 2 (1), 479. https://doi.org/10.1038/ncomms1487. (17) Vázquez-Guardado, A.; Smith, A.; Wilson, W.; Ortega, J.; Perez, J. M.; Chanda, D. Hybrid Cavity-Coupled Plasmonic Biosensors for Low Concentration, Label-Free and Selective Biomolecular Detection. Opt. Express 2016, 24 (22). https://doi.org/10.1364/OE.24.025785. (18) Vázquez-Guardado, A.; Barkam, S.; Peppler, M.; Biswas, A.; Dennis, W.; Das, S.; Seal, S.; Chanda, D. Enzyme-Free Plasmonic Biosensor for Direct Detection of Neurotransmitter Dopamine from Whole Blood. Nano Lett. 2019, 19 (1). https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.nanolett.8b04253. (19) Vázquez-Guardado, A.; Safaei, A.; Modak, S.; Franklin, D.; Chanda, D. Hybrid Coupling Mechanism in a System Supporting High Order Diffraction, Plasmonic, and Cavity Resonances. Phys. Rev. Lett. 2014, 113 (26). https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.113.263902. (20) Toh, S. Y.; Citartan, M.; Gopinath, S. C. B.; Tang, T. H. Aptamers as a Replacement for Antibodies in Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay. Biosens. Bioelectron. 2015, 64, 392-403. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.bios.2014.09.026. (21) Herne, T. M.; Tarlov, M. J. Characterization of DNA Probes Immobilized on Gold Surfaces. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 1997, 119 (38), 8916-8920. https://doi.org/10.1021/ja9719586. (22) Chiu, T. C.; Huang, C. C. Aptamer-Functionalized Nano-Biosensors; 2009; Vol. 9. https://doi.org/10.3390/s91210356. (23) Tuerk, C.; Gold, L. Systematic Evolution of Ligands by Exponential Enrichment: RNA Ligands to Bacteriophage T4 DNA Polymerase. Science 1990, 249 (4968), 505-510. https://doi.org/10.1126/science.2200121. (24) Ellington, A. D.; Szostak, J. W. In Vitro Selection of RNA Molecules That Bind Specific Ligands. Nature 1990, 346 (6287), 818-822. https://doi.org/10.1038/346818a0. (25) Liu, J.; Wagan, S.; Davila Morris, M.; Taylor, J.; White, R. J. Achieving Reproducible Performance of Electrochemical, Folding Aptamer-Based Sensors on Microelectrodes: Challenges and Prospects. Anal. Chem. 2014, 86 (22), 11417-11424. https://doi.org/10.1021/ac503407e. (26) Cash, K. J.; Heeger, A. J.; Plaxco, K. W.; Xiao, Y. Optimization of a Reusable, DNA Pseudoknot-Based Electrochemical Sensor for Sequence-Specific DNA Detection in Blood Serum. Anal. Chem. 2009, 81 (2), 656-661. https://doi.org/10.1021/ac802011d. (27) Libraty, D. H.; Young, P. R.; Pickering, D.; Endy, T. P.; Kalayanarooj, S.; Green, S.; Vaughn, D. W.; Nisalak, A.; Ennis, F. A.; Rothman, A. L. High Circulating Levels of the Dengue Virus Nonstructural Protein NS1 Early in Dengue Illness Correlate with the Development of Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever. J. Infect. Dis. 2002, 186 (8), 1165-1168. https://doi.org/10.1086/343813. (28) Ameling, R.; Langguth, L.; Hentschel, M.; Mesch, M.; Braun, P. V.; Giessen, H. Cavity-Enhanced Localized Plasmon Resonance Sensing. Appl. Phys. Lett. 2010, 97 (25), 253116. https://doi.org/10.1063/1.3530795. (29) Wouters, K.; Puers, R. Diffusing and Swelling in SU-8: Insight in Material Properties and Processing. J. Micromechanics Microengineering 2010, 20 (9), 095013. https://doi.org/10.1088/0960-1317/20/9/095013. (30) Young, L. B.; Melian, E. B.; Setoh, Y. X.; Young, P. R.; Khromykh, A. A. Last 20 Aa of the West Nile Virus NS1′ Protein Are Responsible for Its Retention in Cells and the Formation of Unique Heat-Stable Dimers. J. Gen. Virol. 2015, 96 (5), 1042-1054. https://doi.org/10.1099/vir.0.000053. (31) Bailey, M. J.; Duehr, J.; Dulin, H.; Broecker, F.; Brown, J. A.; Arumemi, F. O.; Bermudez González, M. C.; Leyva-Grado, V. H.; Evans, M. J.; Simon, V.; Lim, J. K.; Krammer, F.; Hai, R.; Palese, P.; Tan, G. S. Human Antibodies Targeting Zika Virus NS1 Provide Protection against Disease in a Mouse Model. Nat. Commun. 2018, 9 (1), 1-11. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-018-07008-0. (32) Rastogi, M.; Sharma, N.; Singh, S. K. Flavivirus NS1: A Multifaceted Enigmatic Viral Protein. Virol. J. 2016, 13 (1), 1-10. https://doi.org/10.1186/s12985-016-0590-7. (33) Madeira, F.; Park, Y. mi; Lee, J.; Buso, N.; Gur, T.; Madhusoodanan, N.; Basutkar, P.; Tivey, A. R. N.; Potter, S. C.; Finn, R. D.; Lopez, R. The EMBL-EBI Search and Sequence Analysis Tools APIs in 2019. Nucleic Acids Res. 2019, 47 (W1), W636-W641. https://doi.org/10.1093/nar/gkz268. (34) Gutsche, I.; Coulibaly, F.; Voss, J. E.; Salmon, J.; D'Alayer, J.; Ermonval, M.; Larquet, E.; Charneau, P.; Krey, T.; Megret, F.; Guittet, E.; Rey, F. A.; Flamand, M. Secreted Dengue Virus Nonstructural Protein NS1 Is an Atypical Barrel-Shaped High-Density Lipoprotein. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. 2011, 108 (19), 8003-8008. https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1017338108. (35) Flamand, M.; Megret, F.; Mathieu, M.; Lepault, J.; Rey, F. A.; Deubel, V. Dengue Virus Type 1 Nonstructural Glycoprotein NS1 Is Secreted from Mammalian Cells as a Soluble Hexamer in a Glycosylation-Dependent Fashion. J. Virol. 1999, 73 (7), 6104-6110. https://doi.org/10.1128/jvi.73.7.6104-6110.1999. (36) Arroyo-Currás, N.; Somerson, J.; Vieira, P. A.; Ploense, K. L.; Kippin, T. E.; Plaxco, K. W. Real-Time Measurement of Small Molecules Directly in Awake, Ambulatory Animals. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. 2017, 114 (4), 645-650. https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1613458114. (37) Dykstra, P. H.; Roy, V.; Byrd, C.; Bentley, W. E.; Ghodssi, R. Microfluidic Electrochemical Sensor Array for Characterizing Protein Interactions with Various Functionalized Surfaces. Anal. Chem. 2011, 83 (15), 5920-5927. https://doi.org/10.1021/ac200835s. (38) Yang, S.; Ündar, A.; Zahn, J. D. A Microfluidic Device for Continuous, Real Time Blood Plasma Separation. Lab Chip 2006, 6 (7), 871-880. https://doi.org/10.1039/B516401J. (39) Tripathi, S.; Kumar, Y. V. B.; Agrawal, A.; Prabhakar, A.; Joshi, S. S. Microdevice for Plasma Separation from Whole Human Blood Using Bio-Physical and Geometrical Effects. Sci. Rep. 2016, 6 (1), 26749. https://doi.org/10.1038/srep26749. (40) Martel, J. M.; Toner, M. Particle Focusing in Curved Microfluidic Channels. Sci. Rep. 2013, 3 (1), 3340. https://doi.org/10.1038/srep03340. (41) Di Carlo, D.; Edd, J. F.; Irimia, D.; Tompkins, R. G.; Toner, M. Equilibrium Separation and Filtration of Particles Using Differential Inertial Focusing. Anal. Chem. 2008, 80 (6), 2204-2211. https://doi.org/10.1021/ac702283m. (42) Omar, N. A. S.; Fen, Y. W.; Abdullah, J.; Mustapha Kamil, Y.; Daniyal, W. M. E. M. M.; Sadrolhosseini, A. R.; Mandi, M. A. Sensitive Detection of Dengue Virus Type 2 E-Proteins Signals Using Self-Assembled Monolayers/Reduced Graphene Oxide-PAMAM Dendrimer Thin Film-SPR Optical Sensor. Sci. Rep. 2020, 10 (1), 2374. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-59388-3. (43) Jahanshahi, P.; Zalnezhad, E.; Sekaran, S. D.; Adikan, F. R. M. Rapid Immunoglobulin M-Based Dengue Diagnostic Test Using Surface Plasmon Resonance Biosensor. Sci. Rep. 2015, 4 (1), 3851. https://doi.org/10.1038/srep03851. (44) Wong, W. R.; Sekaran, S. D.; Mahamd Adikan, F. R.; Berini, P. Detection of Dengue NS1 Antigen Using Long-Range Surface Plasmon Waveguides. Biosens. Bioelectron. 2016, 78, 132-139. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.bios.2015.11.030. (45) Chowdhury, A. D.; Takemura, K.; Khorish, I. M.; Nasrin, F.; Ngwe Tun, M. M.; Morita, K.; Park, E. Y. The Detection and Identification of Dengue Virus Serotypes with Quantum Dot and AuNP Regulated Localized Surface Plasmon Resonance. Nanoscale Adv. 2020, 2 (2), 699-709. https://doi.org/10.1039/C9NA00763F. 
 
 1 processing the sample of blood with a microfluidic blood plasma separator and a plasmonic array biosensor; flowing the sample of blood over a sensing surface of the plasmonic array biosensor, the sensing surface of the plasmonic array biosensor having a high-affinity single stranded DNA (ssDNA) aptamer against the biomarker; binding the biomarker in the sample of blood to the ssDNA aptamer of the plasmonic array biosensor; and detecting the biomarker in the sample of blood based upon a localized surface plasmon resonance (LSPR) altering a reflected optical signal from the plasmonic array biosensor. 
 2 claim 1 
 3 claim 1 
 4 claim 3 
 5 claim 4 
 6 claim 5 
 7 claim 1 
 8 claim 1 
 9 claim 1 
 10 claim 1 
 11 positioning a microfluidic blood plasma separator on a substrate of a plasmonic array biosensor to process the sample of blood; and functionalizing the plasmonic array biosensor with a high-affinity single stranded DNA (ssDNA) aptamer against the biomarker, a sensing surface of the plasmonic array biosensor to bind to the biomarker in the sample of blood, the plasmonic array biosensor to detect the biomarker in the sample of blood based upon a localized surface plasmon resonance (LSPR) signal. 
 12 claim 11 
 13 claim 12 
 14 claim 11 
 15 claim 11 
 16 claim 15 
 17 claim 11 
 18 claim 11 
 19 claim 18 
 20 claim 19 
 A method is for detecting a biomarker within a sample of blood. The method may include processing the sample of blood with a microfluidic blood plasma separator and a plasmonic array biosensor, and flowing the sample of blood over a sensing surface of the plasmonic array biosensor. The sensing surface of the plasmonic array biosensor may have an ssDNA aptamer against the biomarker. The method may further include binding the biomarker in the sample of blood to the ssDNA aptamer of the plasmonic array biosensor, and detecting the biomarker in the sample of blood based upon LSPR altering a reflected optical signal from the plasmonic array biosensor.
